tr	O	When the men reentered the tent , Standifer still smiled as if he enjoyed some immunity from mystification their and nervousness . “
tr	I	they were a sombre purple in the north and east , stream- ing up to ragged edges at the zenith " .
tr	I	It was the chemistry and physics lab .
va	O	None of us knew , then , what was store in .
tr	O	They do not like to dance with the One Shining , " was Rador 's constant and only reply to my efforts to find the cause .
tr	O	aim Their , without doubt , was the wholesale abduction of the females of the land and later on of the entire globe .
te	I	Through that had just of them , saw them standing aside from die en- passed the Council of Thirty and their guards .
te	O	The Hit sank silently into blackness ; the of noise clanging machinery above grew fainter , seemed farther away , almost ceased .
va	O	But nevertheless,- such the was case .
tr	O	With nothing to do , he sat his in room and listened in vain for the tearing sound from his radio .
tr	I	Hurrying to the tower , I looked at the compass .
va	O	In contrast to the glaring confusion outside , was it cool and quiet inside the ship .
te	I	We carried it down to the water ’s edge and washed away the caked dry mud and dust that covered it ; and under- neath we found the inscription .
te	O	I would rather be in total darkness than like look this ! ” “
te	I	Servadac turned to him , and asked whether he was still disposed to put out to sea and make for Algiers .
te	I	You spoke several times of the Crypt , ” I remarked . “
tr	I	The dawn was just breaking as we started .
te	O	Well , who the are dickens you and where are we ? ”
te	I	dear , you must go at once to the observatory .
tr	I	That 's right , I was surprised , too .
te	I	To cause this acceleration there is a force known as ‘ centripital force . ’
tr	I	What are you talking about ? ”
tr	O	More than once despair crept over the brave band little , hardy as they were , and used to polar sufferings .
te	O	I was becoming a trifle uneasy and was scanning every news from dispatch South America .
tr	I	At length , however , I reasoned my way partly out of the difficulty .
te	O	he exulted , “ that a was peach !
te	O	With perfect ease used he our idioms and slang expressions , and never seemed at a loss for a word .
tr	I	CHAPTER X A Murderous Package WO days later Pryor again found himself in Lieutenant Spangler ’s office .
tr	O	arms Her were about his neck — her warm lips against his .
tr	O	the was only expression of his feelings . "
te	O	I not did want to let Wilma out of my sight , but it was necessary .
te	O	If I were to here remain , what difference would it be between captivity and death ? ”
tr	I	All the way around the building it extended , with passage- ways extending up and down into other parts of the building and of the city .
tr	I	But when- ever they flashed downward with blinding brilliancy , forest , rocks and ground melted instantaneously into nothing , where they played upon them .
tr	O	An - Tak shook head his . “
va	I	They are closely guarded , but our student - detectives , wearing very strong eye- glasses , have been working on the problem from that viewpoint .
tr	O	Securing strong cords , I bound them tightly , and car- ried them into the room which held glass the box .
tr	O	The battle lasted only a day and part of a night before Tabora she knew was beaten .
tr	I	As I stopped a moment to regard this , my hostess turned about say- ing , " I am just going to take another look at the sidehill .
te	I	You do n't mean he smashed in the air — collision ? "
tr	O	The tired discouraged and delegates were ready to welcome aid from almost any source .
va	I	No , ” grinned his friend , “ not a sign of it since you fixed up that old back of mine .
te	I	I found a thousand difficulties .
tr	I	The upper floor , like the other two , was empty .
tr	I	Their aim , without doubt , was the wholesale abduction of the females of the land and later on of the entire globe .
tr	O	Thus far the idea is simple enough , technically though difficult .
tr	I	Got a cork arm , I suppose , and has taken it off .
te	I	My mind kept telling me that we had brought to light a discovery that had every other one in the world dimmed for its importance .
tr	O	He had known and played with Elsie since she came to the veld at the age of ten when both her father mother and died .
tr	O	What kind of beings lurked behind it all , for waiting them ?
tr	O	He heard the servant answer the door , and waited for her feet on the staircase , she but did not come . “
tr	I	But why attach the machine to an airplane ? "
tr	O	We can make a blaze in that fireplace and comfy be .
tr	I	Far below us , and several miles to the right and left , the two barrage lines made their appearance .
te	I	And you must not mind my use of your given name .
te	O	I But knew that to be impossible .
te	I	But besides all that , there are automatic controls that turn on the front air- blast at the exact time required to counteract the velo- city .
tr	I	Supposing that the event had been nothing but an hallucination ?
tr	I	Where is Mr. Brand ? " "
tr	I	Where — where has she gone ? ”
te	I	There can be no organized life , as we know it , without the direct influence of a live sun . “
te	O	82361 shows modification marked of the filaments .
te	O	Although the people of Venus were about a years thousand behind us in many respects , they have made wonderful progress with radio and tele- vision .
te	I	So I concentrate the atomic power just as I choose .
tr	O	At he first was energetic and headlong , taking time neither to eat nor sleep .
te	O	we All need is a starter and a stopper , and , of course , the stopper would be just a gradual shutting off of the starting force .
tr	O	Twenty years ago I came to the Ozarks , seeking in sanctuary their loneliness .
te	O	This is a surprise great , " he said , as the Pro- fessor entered . "
tr	I	Ah , the prayer of that pure , sweet girl for the man to whom her love had been given .
te	O	Soon Rador come shall for you .
tr	I	Von der Kortz shall be best man , Graham .
tr	O	put Glenn in . “
va	O	He would reproach his timid followers for fleeing from the spider , leaving him to kill alone it .
tr	O	You know the history of Helium — come but , I will show you ! ”
te	O	Larry , ” I answered , “ Olaf ’s outside not !
tr	O	shook He his head . "
tr	I	He is — ” “ Enough , Basehore , enough , ” said Dr. Harris calmly . “
te	I	The electric light burned steadily , but Estelle was sobbing with fright and Arthur was trying vainly to console her . "
te	O	it Could be some sort of searchlight ? ” “
tr	O	I a saw flash of light shoot from the side of the other craft as it jumped . ”
va	I	Once you are made to read the headline , you will probably read the rest of it .
tr	O	Joslyn lifted a stiletto letter - opener from the desk and tried to separate , so to as read , the car- bonized ashes left in the tray .
tr	O	Captain Brand staring was at the tall , smiling man , with a curious expression on his red , square - chinned face .
va	I	All the way through these men have kept within the letter of the law .
tr	I	Again he described with a motion of his hands , the size of the beasts and pointed at my injured leg .
tr	I	And I could n't get lower than 5,000 feet .
tr	I	With a radiant smile she kissed him goodnight and darted up the stairs .
tr	I	A minute ago there was just a blur , as far as I could see . ” “
tr	O	Easy to him was the construction of boring machines worked with air compressed by the power of the waterfalls large in the district .
te	I	Clearly to him then came the mental , message , " You are worried about a friend ? "
tr	O	The deposits of gold at the south were pole richer than the wildest reports had rep- resented them .
te	I	He glanced at Tom and clicked his teeth . “
te	I	When shall I make the attempt ? "
va	O	Well , " I said , " there can be no doubt now as what to we have to do .
tr	I	had he perforce been made to shut up like a clam to the goggling world .
tr	O	They were working like two demons just as had they been working for a month .
tr	O	Impending Danger — Precautions Necessary tN due course the voice resumed : " I must come A back to the subject of the threatening danger . ,
te	I	Surely you are going to give more than that ? "
tr	I	Not unless we go deeper . ”
te	O	The other end like looked the receiving portion of a tele- vision apparatus , with a hood drawn over the screen . “
tr	I	Danger Impending — Precautions Necessary tN due course the voice resumed : " I must come A back to the subject of the threatening danger . ,
te	O	He looked keenly at the guard who was outside stationed .
te	I	I see your arm is lame .
tr	I	As to the erosion , they might have had more water to begin with than our Earth had . ” “
tr	I	Wot is hit , sir ? ” ‘
te	O	now But I do not want to take your honor from you ; and you look so much younger since the operation . "
tr	I	Pm sure Mr. Hamilton will be interested in the evidence that we have unearthed . ”
tr	I	Well , six weeks ago Landers came to me and told me he had something to sell ; a secret system for beating the customs .
te	I	I do n't know , Mr. Trant .
tr	I	I — doubt it !
tr	O	What do mean you by taking off ? "
va	O	I ’m ready to listen , ” I with said eager interest .
va	O	see I your arm is lame .
te	I	It ’s the drink , ” his lips repeated noiselessly .
tr	O	He pulled the door shut after him , the machine hum¬ and med quivered , and then , apparently , slowly melted into the air .
te	I	Come on in , perfessor .
te	O	In his physical form , ” said the professor , “ what he does look like ? ”
te	I	I had not the least doubt that he would vanish .
te	O	HE was silent , evidently contemplating the with idea vast pleasure .
te	O	How far this process goes on no one knows , not even the wisest of the masters of wis- dom on any of planes the know . "
tr	I	Wherefore , if there are no such things as fish , birds , insects , what kind of life is there on this world ?
te	O	of the mastj but could make nothing out .
va	I	The building had vanished completely smashed , pulverized and dis- persed by the blow .
te	I	That means six thousand meals a & lt;lay .
te	O	M. W. ordered Ericson to carry him to next the floor below , and tie him securely .
va	I	On the floor lay the girl , a look of terror in her eyes .
tr	O	which card the was composed .
tr	O	I knew , ” he replied , “ because I have learned many secrets of manabinite ’s powers which of I knew nothing when I experimented here with you .
va	O	I had some bad times before my business collapse , but the very worst of these was sweet slumber com- pared to this infinity of wakefulness aching .
tr	I	Lola then pointed to the sphere on her fifth concentric circle and rapidly marked nine small dots at varying distances from this globe . “
tr	O	I about am talked out . ” “
tr	O	We were together boys .
tr	I	Moura realized that his purpose was thwarted for the time being , and though he sought Dana out at Ora .
te	O	Im- Crombie mediately regretted his action .
tr	O	That a was strong brute , " he said . "
tr	O	He then designed the new type of motor which had he said he had in mind .
tr	O	No , ” grinned his friend , “ not a sign it of since you fixed up that old back of mine .
tr	I	It was a question which Soo realized he should be able to answer .
te	I	At all events , the precaution was a good one ; though how utterly useless and unnecessary — But I must not an- ticipate .
tr	O	had I not the least doubt that he would vanish .
tr	I	At that thought I could contain myself no longer , but burst out with , “ What about the disintegrating ball ? ”
te	O	Even their lips were as bright a blue as man ’s are lips red .
te	I	With nothing to do , he sat in his room and listened in vain for the tearing sound from his radio .
tr	O	That 's the very that principle it works on , " said the inventor . "
te	O	No provision was whatever made for the food supply of the fifty thousand American laborers who landed within the first three weeks .
tr	I	That , my friend , has been the case with you .
te	O	At this we distance could see them distinctly , and there was nothing human about them .
tr	I	But there was in them an intensity of emotion indicating that something really was seriously amiss .
tr	I	the science is cxtoordinarily good .
tr	O	Here was fresh a astonishment for Mr. Vincey .
tr	O	Even as it was , the point iron had touched you when the bullet crashed through hi3 head .
tr	O	I looked at Corwin ’s la.st drawing thoughtfully , tilting my head first one way and the then other .
te	O	If size counted for anything , surely this was an important machine , kept well back of the line to avoid that shock first of on¬ slaught .
tr	O	hope With graduall } returning , I reached for the joystick .
te	I	There is not much you have n't thought of , is there ? "
tr	I	You have worked with me , both here and at a distance .
te	O	exploded Inspector Craven , " Good Lord , Doctor Jarvis , do know you who Tessie Prettyman is ? " "
tr	I	I will have you conducted to her at once . "
te	O	I intend to stop at some town desert tonight .
te	O	I 'd like rest to a. bit .
tr	O	Their faces were eloquent of anger , and the face of the tall one was blackest the of all .
va	I	The country at last began to slope gently down to a pleasant river - valley ; and presently we neared the capital .
va	I	.‘\fter much coaxing one day , I promised Roy I ’d go .
tr	O	To explain : On earth , the atmosphere consists of roughly 20 parts oxygen and 79 parts nitrogen .
va	O	Others had from arrived the south .
tr	O	All this had happened with such swiftness that I had stood motionless , and dumfounded dazzled by the flashes of light .
va	I	Has any one ever seen where he has dug ? ”
tr	O	languages Other have many words with the same meaning .
te	I	Good morning , Doctor DuQuesne .
va	O	THE FIRST MEN IN THE MOON 927 " Do they us want to imitate those sounds ? "
te	I	Three - dimensional leaves in a four - dimensional book . "
tr	I	This was probably caused by the loosening of the dust behind and beneath us .
va	O	CI himvledge is progressing rapidly and the time wi so our scientists assure us , when can man stay rea young for several hundred years .
tr	I	He shook his head . "
tr	O	But in two hours the Albatross be would annihilated !
te	O	Following these came a long line of slaves carrying trays , baskets jars and of food and drink , and a great quantity of golden utensils .
te	I	Nothing happened , and he acted as though he did n’t know what to make of it .
tr	I	It can only be obtained in the metallic form by a special process .
te	I	It seemed odd to be eating a creature that should , by all the laws of paleonto- logy , have been extinct for serveral million years .
te	I	The forged fingerprints , ” replied Dr. Harris . “
tr	O	She resembles the father but has she her mother ’s eyes . ’
tr	O	three We fled together .
tr	I	More slowly he paced back and forth .
tr	O	The audience , panting , all a in heat , gesticulate and howl .
tr	I	But I have had food in spite of you , I have slept in spite of you , and the game is only beginning .
tr	O	When we were separated three weeks ago , I left was in the cell , " replied Jane . "
te	O	If I can locate things the , I can get rid of them even if they ’re not vis- ible .
tr	I	He pointed to objects and called them by name .
tr	I	What do you mean by taking off ? "
va	I	It was n’t long before there was a nest right above his bed ; it remained there undisturbed , for no one went near his little abode .
va	O	Other half - animal faces glared out interrogation of the hovels .
tr	O	smiled I , partly with relief , partly with derision . "
tr	O	he Here paused . "
te	I	Now he was sure it was an illusion which made his mind and sight behave so queerly .
tr	O	And suddenly the open mouth of the tunnel down below there , shut like an eye and vanished of out sight .
te	I	What I mean is that I seemed to be in a mirror , looking out on the world .
va	I	Man can not get on with- out the wheel .
te	O	Get Mary back once at . "
tr	O	The sky was now one complete of ball flame .
tr	O	Moura realized that his purpose was thwarted for the time being , and though he sought Dana at out Ora .
te	I	Only two details beyond what has already been stated seem to bear on the mat- ter .
tr	O	I have found nothing new ; I have only applied old and well known discoveries to a and practical useful purpose . "
tr	I	This time the panic was overwhelming ; nothing ' could stop it .
va	I	All its population had moved to the other worlds .
te	O	Accordingly , he made several trips to the storeroom and back , carrying small quantities of food under his clothing , watching and care- fully for returning servants .
te	O	My gratitude you to two , dear Visinia , knows no bounds .
tr	O	They arranged themselves a in mighty cone as they came nearer Venus .
tr	O	All the battleships were erratically circling .
te	I	There are bombers , scouts and observation two - seaters in the bunch .
tr	I	Edmund strove to increase our speed , making the silent engineer and his men aid him with their ut- most exertions .
tr	O	I searched have all over town and they just laugh at me when I start talking to them . ” “
tr	O	To the roared right the eastward ways , to the left the ways in the opposite direction , swarming with people .
va	O	Well , presently dey go back ; dey say , ' ants The ' ave gone . ' . . .
tr	O	were You married in Ulm to Awlo , daughter of Kalu Sibama .
tr	O	Then ensued one of the walks queerest I ’ve ever taken .
tr	I	What ’s the good word .
te	O	we But are going up — going up , still going up .
te	O	Now , if that calc , right is , and I know it is , do you see how narrow the permissible limits of shifting are ?
va	I	Soo handed the foundryman the bronze disk which he had taken from the cripple .
va	O	A submersible would not have been capacious enough for the I party wanted to take . "
tr	I	Did you bring all this equipment from the valley ? ”
tr	I	Fancy carv- ing or ornamentations were wholly absent .
tr	I	Well , ” said Peter thoughtfully , “ I have a notion to help you out .
te	I	Oh yes , so ’s your old man .
tr	O	The pterodactyls seemed to be on terms good with these beasts .
tr	I	We looked at one another with awed faces and Willis spoke in great excitement . “
te	O	This ray has the effect of disintegrating and any dispersing body of matter inside of which a time traveler may materialize .
tr	O	These books are well written , mostly in non - technical language — Author The . * (
tr	O	I looked at the pillars of light and I tested the liquid of the Pool which on they fell .
tr	O	do They n’t know us front John Smith , ” Parmenter whispered . “
te	O	And iL that was a weak area , may Lord the keep us away from a strong one .
te	O	It ’s fact a .
tr	O	The aerial commotion fell swiftly until it was a mere strong gale , and I became more once aware that I had breath and feet .
tr	I	The Hit sank silently into blackness ; the noise of clanging machinery above grew fainter , seemed farther away , almost ceased .
tr	I	Also , in about twenty minutes of your time , several of my subordinates will arrive here to report to me .
te	O	Pm sure Mr. Hamilton will be interested in the evidence that have we unearthed . ”
tr	I	And there I stopped short , my eyes caught by a queer phenomenon .
tr	I	But which island was it of the thousands that dot the Pacific ?
tr	O	Go ahead laugh and , ” snapped Barry . “
te	I	But with a failing motor — Trevelyan dismissed the thought from his mind , and reached for the gas valves .
te	I	The Swine folk followed , squealing with excitement , and the two Bull - men in their swathingg of white .
tr	O	HI I N bold - type captions appeared the news of Pro- fessor Flinder ’s suicide in morning the newspapers .
te	O	Conspiracy destroy to the canals ? ”
te	I	While examining the earth carefully he went over his theory of the cause for the catastrophe .
tr	I	But the discovery of the latter started a new train of thought in my mind .
tr	I	He has n't got more than one full minute 's start , but there are many white planes in the sky at any hour of the day .
te	I	He was not wrong in this assumption , as the first experi- ment showed .
tr	I	I could find no opening , lord , ” said the green dwarf quickly .
te	O	To cause this acceleration there a is force known as ‘ centripital force . ’
tr	O	But the discovery of the latter started a new train of thought my in mind .
va	I	It was expected that the colleagues would take their places at the desk .
tr	O	Why — yes , ” admitted prefect the , taken aback . “
te	O	But there was in them an intensity of indicating emotion that something really was seriously amiss .
tr	O	That 's right , I surprised was , too .
te	I	Then I turned to where Weena lay beside my iron mace .
tr	I	Could it be some sort of searchlight ? ” “
tr	I	Securing strong cords , I bound them tightly , and car- ried them into the room which held the glass box .
tr	O	Much wood remained unconsumed , charred over , as if some gigantic extinguisher had in the been night lowered over it . "
tr	I	Joel was a sweating ogre to : my weary eyes , the astronomers ' clock sounded like an infernal anvil as it measured time monotonously .
te	O	The air balls took heavy toll the of morale of the Hans before they were clearly understood by them , and even afterward for that matter .
te	O	Each message was worded differently from the rest , harmless a appearing business communication .
te	O	Then I felt all solid support give way to not my feet , but to the raft itself .
tr	O	As we approached this object , I halted in my tracks with gaping mouth staring and , incredulous eyes .
tr	I	The mighty ship rolled smoothly along the ground — there were small streams in the way — a tree or two .
tr	O	Servadac turned to him , and asked whether was he still disposed to put out to sea and make for Algiers .
va	O	I myself pulled together with a feeling of impatience and started along the slippery way to look for a place where it would be possible to descend .
tr	I	Here , at any rate , " said I , " I shall find peace and a chance to work ! "
tr	I	Can you stand there and laugh down upon the woman who has loved you these many months , even though she thought you dead ? ”
tr	I	The concussion jarred the rudder free . "
tr	O	muscles The are go- ing to be easy .
va	I	said the General , with a sigh of relief . “
te	O	appeared He in the streets of Baltimore .
te	I	But I do n't understand ?
tr	I	But now I do not want to take your honor from you ; and you look so much younger since the operation . "
va	O	What ’s the word good .
va	O	She was weak from the effects of the blow she received had .
tr	I	Bill , man , have you ever seen the like ?
te	I	They will be looking out of a window in this direction , as I told them to do .
tr	O	At Brad- ley ’s command , the men took up the duties assigned them — gathering wood , building a cook - and fire pre- paring the evening meal .
tr	O	Now was he sure it was an illusion which made his mind and sight behave so queerly .
tr	O	Time , of all things , has he enough of , and to spare .
tr	I	The hand of destiny seemed in it .
tr	O	I could help not letting a groan escape me . “
te	O	It was dark nearly before the men had finished their work , and the gas tanks had been recharged .
va	I	You wo n't see the time .
tr	I	No , ” agreed Ameena soberly . “
tr	I	His look of consternation selves r deepened . "
va	O	They leap could thirty feet with the greatest ease .
tr	I	Infra - sound is right .
te	I	Then she had to go to a beauty specialist and get some more skin grafted on .
tr	O	It is frightfully late , ” exclaimed Dana , “ and we now will retire .
te	O	Hurrying the to tower , I looked at the compass .
va	I	he exulted , “ that was a peach !
tr	O	Hereafter — I 'm — charge in ! "
tr	I	But now to work ! "
tr	I	He had himself taken refuge there , after visiting his office and filling his pockets with his roost preci- ous papers .
tr	O	Can you stand there and laugh down upon woman the who has loved you these many months , even though she thought you dead ? ”
te	O	Mrs. Chandler indulgently laughed . “
tr	I	asked Professor Jones with an accent of surprise . "
te	I	It fills such a longing in the human breast .
tr	I	Nothing startling in that at any rate .
tr	O	I But have had food in spite of you , I have slept in spite of you , and the game is only beginning .
tr	O	Even had pedestrians been near , would there have been little chance that the murderer would have been noticed .
va	I	The constabulary got him ; he had the stones , and though he 'd got them all before the new law was put on into the gaol he went .
te	O	Well , everything you is see hallucinatory . ” “
te	O	course Of you will want to know what it is .
tr	I	It is deliberately waiting to lure us on to destruc- tion , ” was the pilot ’s verdict . “
va	O	morphine The was working !
te	O	Never again , determined I , would I enter the laboratory .
tr	O	There was a noise on Albatross the .
tr	O	Wish had Ma er lived longer .
va	I	King absolutely would not permit any interior “ phantom ” views .
tr	O	What is matter the ?
tr	O	In some ways they me remind of trees .
va	O	Would n’t the mere force of such an acceleration as you mention flatten you on floor the and hold you there ?
tr	O	Suppose then that by some in- comprehensible means we have penetrated into another space ours than .
tr	I	He requires a High Priestess Consort for his earthly vicar , such a one as Senorita de Orellana , with youth , culture and beauty .
te	O	The Power Planet spun ceaselessly in space , the in lonely orbit which men contrived for it . “
tr	O	Moved by a sudden thought , I looked northward , and there I a perceived third of these cloudy black kopjes had arisen .
te	O	She had come to share love my for Sam . "
te	O	Flammenwerfer , " Mulgrave the answered .
tr	O	broken A old man now .
tr	I	Directly below me they swarmed in a great eddying mass , like a silent whirlpool .
tr	O	He Doctor found Grossbach in a native hut in the last stages of life .
tr	I	None of us knew , then , what was in store .
tr	I	He stood there in the hall undecided what to do , and Mrs. Bunting , her face white and intent , crept slowly downstairs after him .
te	O	That ’s what wished I .
tr	I	They burn powdered coal , by the compression ignition method .
tr	O	They have an electric motor under- neath , I ’ll bet , just and run it up in that way .
va	I	Have you made any recently ? ” “
tr	I	When the first mile of the main tube had cooled , its equipment was rushed along .
te	O	That is obvious when you stop think to of it .
tr	O	At the corner he noticed a shutter before a bird fancier 's window , and then another a at cobbler 's .
tr	O	We are no adversaries more . " "
te	I	He appeared in the streets of Baltimore .
tr	O	Going up the steps , he saw a that small hole had been cut through the oak flooring .
tr	O	Fred , we had get better Mueller to shove that pow- der flare out to us .
va	O	And so came I .
tr	O	On his desk there reposed an instrument comprising a disc of gray silvery metal , framed in darker gray , and mounted vertically upon a base of similar material .
tr	O	Infra - sound right is .
te	I	In- stead , the machine would be manually driven .
tr	O	The secretary ’s almost idiocy snapped the en- gineer ’s control .
te	I	He could only picture him- self , dimly , stabbing something that was food with this death - dealing thing .
te	I	But we ’ve got to hold them back some way — wonder if they can absorb a tractor field ? ”
va	O	At any rate , the voice , though far away , was clear , and it certainly beautiful was .
te	O	Martin , ” said he . “
te	I	This is a great surprise , " he said , as the Pro- fessor entered . "
tr	I	There was a noise on the Albatross .
te	I	A S practiced by the white race combine , politics were ■ peculiar .
te	I	Then , in smaller type : “ Reports of Destruction of Life by Meteor on Cape to Cairo Express Confirmed .
te	O	The engineer could thus hope that by sunrise at such an altitude he would still be in sight of island the .
te	O	I have just brains enough to realize that I neither nor any other man of my race should have it .
tr	I	But , Good Lord , how can it destroy the earth ? "
tr	O	are What you talking about ? ”
va	O	Then I came upon the creature squatting up in a tree and gibber- ing at two of the Kanakas had who been teasing him .
tr	O	And — here was the difficult part — he must admit that he was himself to some troubled extent about it .
te	I	And this also explained , in the view of scientists , why it was a thing so difficult to compete with , a thing inimical to human life .
tr	O	Saw the name Phelps on the and tag took a flier on the hunch I had . "
te	I	no rivalry , for each was the greatest in his own field and had no aspirations toward any other branch of science .
tr	I	Bill , you and the coroner , ” he beckoned a moment later . “
tr	I	I do not mean to ask you to accept anything without reasonable ground for it .
tr	O	More slowly paced he back and forth .
tr	I	A broken old man now .
tr	I	Let each man have his say and then we 'll argue it .
tr	I	The moment arrived when the two combatants at the shot of a pistol started the battle .
tr	I	Still — for form ’s sake ? ” “
tr	O	The jarred concussion the rudder free . "
tr	O	stood I re- garding this .
tr	I	She now saw , after thirteen years of grad- ually increasing disappoint- ment , that her husband -•. : . '
te	O	Here ’s his a feet - showing ! ”
tr	I	Oh , hush up ! ”
te	I	But I knew that to be impossible .
tr	O	Then he pulled out the front and examined the at wiring back . “
tr	I	They could leap thirty feet with the greatest ease .
tr	I	Under any circumstances the telegram informed the world of two matters of interest : — ■ 1 .
va	I	The shrill of the air grew intense ; the speedometer crept up — 90 , 100 ; stood a bit at 120 ; and reached its peak at 135 !
te	O	Don Alfeo readily grants this permission , because he is sure that so > ne marvel Otis discoveries will be made there if his friend accom- him panies .
tr	O	Dennison his cupped hands around his mouth and bellowed sharply at the knot of men . “
tr	O	It has definitely verified what already I knew to be true . ” “
tr	I	Release them , and lead Campo to the promenade deck . "
tr	I	I was standing nearest to the bridge , and as I did this two of the Selenites laid hold of me , and pulled me gently towards it .
va	O	He had taken himself refuge there , after visiting his office and filling his pockets with his roost preci- ous papers .
te	O	My watch said it was twenty past minutes three .
tr	O	I wish y«u had the taken trouble to find that out before we came , " T said .
tr	I	And then ’’ “ Well ? ” “
te	I	Their faces were eloquent of anger , and the face of the tall one was the blackest of all .
tr	I	Let me return to those first new experiences of mine .
tr	I	But if you do n’t mind , I ’d rather not discuss them .
tr	O	that he has in tracing marks its on things , he can clear up half the cases that fill the jail in three days . ” “
te	I	Superficiality , display , an ostentatious parading of make- believe , took the place of real knowledge .
tr	O	question Huge marks danced before my eyes , wove themselves into intricate de- signs and grotesque figures .
te	I	To create protoplasm might in itself have been a Herculean task ; but I did not allow my ambition to pause at this point .
te	O	There were the mighty curving line of gleaming Nep- tunian cylinders through which in the next split - second our column great must crash !
te	I	THE MOON POOL 275 The girls , at his signal , again withdrew .
va	I	For when one space- walker touched another , their two occupants could hear each other 's shouts , the sound - vibrations carried through the touching metal sides .
te	O	Beyond his sug- gestion that probably Mr. Bessel would back come presently and explain what had happened , their con- versation was unable to proceed . “
va	O	The only Snals remaining were the armed and overseers armored .
tr	I	Time , of all things , he has enough of , and to spare .
te	I	For an hour he wrestled .
tr	I	Others were too near the sun for us to ever inhabit them , who had evolved on the dim , cool world of Neptune , the outermost world .
tr	O	Attention , " commanded the through Voice " Slim . " "
tr	O	This light does not ema- nate from globes these in form of a shaft , as we are accustomed to see coming from searchlight illumina- tion .
te	O	It seemed necessary for me to move somehow , so drew I my legs up and shot them out with all my force .
te	O	How ’s that for ingratitude filial ?
te	O	The laugh caught me sud- denly a like thing from without .
te	O	Our message first has n’t gone half way yet .
te	O	His face turned as white as sheet a , and he sank upon the floor . "
te	O	He never till moved we came right up to him .
te	I	The image of the huge , big - headed creature fled from the screen ; and in its place other images appeared .
va	O	He wished he more were carefully dressed , for she seemed interested in him ; her eyes were always on him .
tr	I	He pictured in lurid terms the possible consequence of the coming event , and the dreadful pen- alties of further delay .
tr	O	shall When I make the attempt ? "
tr	I	Martin , ” he said . “
te	O	But the wry expression on his cut face me short ; I knew that I had been guilty of a stupid reply .
te	O	were These upholstered in green also .
tr	I	It is our duty as scientists , Jack . ” “
te	I	Some tumbled to destruc- THE LUNAR CHRYSALIS 537 tion from the summits of jagged ridges , and thousands died of hunger and thirst .
tr	O	He displayed now rear a view of the Newberry house .
tr	I	The morphine was working !
tr	O	This keeps abroad him half the time .
te	O	It ’s cruel , know I .
te	I	Your absence from New York has caused us much inconvenience in the last two days .
tr	I	It might be very useful if we met some savages .
tr	I	He darted back toward the group upon the ground , while the mass of earth fell with a crash a quarter of a mile away .
tr	O	914 AMAZING STORIES cracking am a silly , pointless joke to the effect that it 's a time machine .
tr	I	In some ways they remind me of trees .
va	I	I took a piece of the garment between my fingers and it shriveled up into fine powder .
tr	I	The city had dropped far behind them now , and an- other , and another .
te	O	But my most exhaustive tests with Manabinite prove that reversing the prism , or even the lens from the material , will project not a reduced image . “
tr	O	Miller wheeled like a panther ; speedily more than I thought possible for a man of his size .
te	O	We do did it . ”
tr	I	Nature slaps people who flout her that way , and Wimble was no exception to the rule .
te	I	For a space I stood reading over the abandoned arguments .
te	O	is He following the river that empties into the lake and should arrive in a few hours .
te	I	We owe a debt to him and to you that we can never repay ; all we can do is thank you .
te	I	In front of me the road be- came pitchy black as though it were tarred , and I saw a contorted shape lying across the pathway .
va	O	then And ’’ “ Well ? ” “
va	I	The Professor : Doctor Johnson , unless you listen to me , you will never hear what I have to tell you .
tr	O	The very thought stupendous was .
tr	O	The report scared clouds of up parrots from the jungle on the bank and the clamor of the monkeys was suddenly hushed .
te	I	The white sun glinted upon thousands of darting heliocar s , driven by silent electricity .
te	O	Going to have him take your place engineer as ? ” “
va	O	Stefenson slapped him on back the , “ That ’s the boy .
te	I	We have rarely printed a story in this magazine that for scientific interest , as well as suspense , could hold its ozun with this particular story .
tr	O	on Come in , perfessor .
te	O	Sam was still at the house , although it was past our usual time supper .
tr	O	That 's a good omen I M. Versal should send out of one his turkeys to spy a landing place . ”
tr	O	With multitude its of aerial roots or trunks set closely together and its heavy foliage , it offered an ideal place of concealment .
tr	I	One point has not been clearly brought out in any popular writings that I have seen .
tr	O	But it not did come .
tr	I	The first we knew of it was the sound of shots from the other side of the crater .
tr	I	he said aloud , and if she did not understand his words she knew well his meaning .
tr	O	We pulled up only just time in , fixed on our masks and started up the dynamo .
tr	O	I received from the agency a notice me requesting to apply in person to Mr. Sidelburg .
va	O	a Tried fantas- tic experiment — nothing more .
tr	O	ca He n't use an engine for that cither . "
tr	I	The two went back through the heavy door .
va	O	yes Oh , so ’s your old man .
tr	I	At first hazy mist - like spectres seemed to glide across the screen .
tr	I	How are you going to handle it , or even get it into your apparatus ? " "
te	I	Even as it was , the iron point had touched you when the bullet crashed through hi3 head .
te	O	Only the obvious disadvantages of such a course — the difficulty of discovering food , and the prowling spiders that in roamed the dark- ness — had prevented him .
va	I	Its period is short — about two days . ” “
tr	O	was That left to my companion .
te	I	America breathed again , South Africa was in process of re- construction by the whites .
tr	I	Pedro thinks that by night we will hit fairly good going although I think that he ’s a little too optimistic .
va	O	I believe that he uses some of form glider .
te	I	The men in the physics lab .
tr	I	I can feel that I ’m weaker — it ’s getting in — getting in !
tr	O	Ellen had been headed the of way the telescope , but only to an infinitesimal degree .
tr	O	The river disappeared beneath mountain a .
tr	I	But at length he announced . "
tr	I	No journal — and many would have paid high for the opportunity — ^was printing the news . /
te	O	She does all her own cooking , knows how to make a lot of eastern that dishes are really very fine and not expensive either .
va	I	Other languages have many words with the same meaning .
tr	O	asked I of Roy . “
tr	I	Seeing that we have all the time in the world , ’ said John , ‘ I think we might find out how big that cave is . ’ “
tr	O	Ripac would break him like a reed dry .
tr	O	I faintly said . "
tr	I	This light does not ema- nate from these globes in form of a shaft , as we are accustomed to see coming from searchlight illumina- tion .
tr	I	By this time the barbarians were coming in full force .
te	O	His look of selves consternation r deepened . "
tr	O	Meanwhile thy friend is condemned the to mines .
tr	I	This in- dividual stared fixedly at me without moving or speaking .
te	O	have Must been too strong .
tr	I	The boys were with Mr. Newton ’s daughters . “
tr	I	That ’s what I wished .
tr	O	Per- haps this idea of war " did I n't finish .
tr	O	I must have drunk been or some- thing .
te	O	What 's to done be ? "
tr	I	she said to Larry .
te	O	therefore He decided to avoid if possible following that line of thought .
te	I	You ’ll note that I said in space , gentle- men . ” “
tr	O	The quitting - whistle ’s going to blow in five minutes , they and do n’t like overtime work here where we are .
tr	O	Wallace lay face downward in a pool of blood while his companion stood with blanched face and hands elevated .
tr	O	He saw light that objects like the empty barrel were congregating at the middle of the cellar .
tr	O	The whole machine vibrated to the engine beat , and it rolled and so tossed much that I could hardly recover my feet .
va	I	Here was a fresh astonishment for Mr. Vincey .
te	O	The Snals had permitted to me retain my wrist chronometer , though my radiophone was taken from me .
tr	I	After breakfast he strolled out into his yard .
tr	O	He had released great clouds of his animation gas suspending .
tr	O	or Escape help seems impossible .
te	I	I took certain precautions , and on the first night of this full moon I hid myself within the vault of Chau - ta - leur . ”
te	O	A figure of average height was slowly sauntering down the lane country just out- side of the city limits .
tr	O	You ’d put better on a suit , too , so you can stand in the air - lock and handle the line . ”
tr	O	Traces of civilized life had been found upon a nearly hundred planets , ” Thon put in , for Dick ’s benefit . “
tr	O	The thing describe you is 1V1 just a soldier .
tr	I	It did , not move .
tr	I	Sam gazed at the flickering colors of the membranes about the head , with the light of strange understanding in his eyes , making strange gestures with his hands .
tr	O	Was that it — that green thing ? "
tr	O	It was their pet affectation to print read instead of hearing phonographs .
tr	O	destroyed Gun last night , sir .
tr	I	We were n’t doing what you might suspect , ” she said . “
tr	O	I do not mean to ask you accept to anything without reasonable ground for it .
te	O	He requires a High Priestess Consort his for earthly vicar , such a one as Senorita de Orellana , with youth , culture and beauty .
tr	I	We rushed in to fmd Captain Judson bending over the collision guide . "
tr	I	The Snals had permitted me to retain my wrist chronometer , though my radiophone was taken from me .
te	I	Conspiracy to destroy the canals ? ”
tr	I	At the corner he noticed a shutter before a bird fancier 's window , and then another at a cobbler 's .
tr	I	My imagination , I found , was not altogether stagnant . “
tr	I	Come here , ” he cried . “
va	I	Would you care to head that expedition , Roy ? ” “
tr	I	A shattering crash rang out at a little distance .
tr	I	But , instead of helping to clear up the mystery , it rather complicated it for a time , .
te	O	The earth ’s surface , its sky and the sun all were so changed and unearthly appearing .
te	O	sank I into oblivion .
te	O	Tubby asked , when they had all three calmness recovered .
te	O	Clearly him to then came the mental , message , " You are worried about a friend ? "
te	I	said Wall ; “ and why not towards the South Pole ? ” “
va	I	For a moment Denton stood white and wild - eyed ; then came a terrible faintness , and he sat before one of the little tables .
tr	I	You did not drink enough to gain the full effect .
te	I	Called off ? ” “
tr	O	Back in his home town , a certain young man , Cal Porter , son a of prominent manufacturer , was a star player on the college team .
tr	I	It was nearly dark before the men had finished their work , and the gas tanks had been recharged .
tr	I	Owing to the fact that I could not eat the flesh of tire anlos , I often went hunting for sheep or caribou .
te	O	Then , in smaller type : “ Reports of Destruction of Life by Meteor on to Cape Cairo Express Confirmed .
te	I	Finally , however , it began to fade , turning red as it did so .
tr	I	Larry , ” I answered , “ Olaf ’s not outside !
tr	I	If it please you , my dear Ray , ” she said , “ kindly step to the platform at my side . ”
tr	I	Hidden also from alien eyes was Kirk Paulson and his group of friends .
tr	O	The rain still poured down and the roar of the tempest could be heard , as were it , far overhead .
tr	O	As to warm keeping , we have electric heating coils , run by the practically inexhaust- ible power of a small metal bar .
te	I	A few mountaineers have climbed it ; but they report that it has no outlook commanding the crater of the Great Eyrie . " "
va	O	I ’ve my done part .
tr	O	Pain , pain and pleasure , they are us for only so long as we wriggle in the dust . "
tr	I	If so I shall study it .
tr	O	At the street level the width of two hundred feet had been divided into a central band one of hundred feet and two outside bands of fifty feet each .
va	O	Assuredly he possessed a constitution of iron , splendid health , and warm red blood beneath sunburned his skin .
tr	I	Of course you have n’t !
tr	O	The hummed machine , and quivered , and then ap¬ parently slowly melted into the .
tr	I	was the only expression of his feelings . "
tr	I	A lump came into my throat — for her sake rather than for mine .
tr	I	I had some bad times before my business collapse , but the very worst of these was sweet slumber com- pared to this infinity of aching wakefulness .
tr	O	The desire to give birth to a child was as much a part of their lives as the to desire eat and sleep .
tr	I	The red - haired man laughed a satisfied laugh . "
te	I	Upon the morning of the third day we set out to search for a path down to the valley .
tr	O	boys The were with Mr. Newton ’s daughters . “
te	I	Yes , that is correct .
te	O	Yes , that correct is .
te	O	There was no more water in save the rivers encircling the city and these were filthy , man - polluted .
tr	I	May I impose upon your friendship to do me this last favor ?
te	I	How did you happen to be in the jungle with the Mena after you when I found you . ” “
tr	O	the On floor lay the girl , a look of terror in her eyes .
tr	I	Rador turned back toward us . "
tr	O	At first hazy mist - like seemed spectres to glide across the screen .
te	O	To me , Hektor , are they much as we .
te	O	At all events , the young woman 's prognostication was to tellingly be verified .
te	O	Because 7 found ’em — Lord!—it ’s nearly twenty ago years .
te	O	The powerful catapult shot the flyer streamlined into the air .
tr	O	not Did Robur hold the results wholly in his own hands ?
va	O	It was n’t long before there was a right nest above his bed ; it remained there undisturbed , for no one went near his little abode .
te	I	Would n't talk much , either — they may intercept our wave , narrow as it is . " "
va	I	CHAPTER 4 * SHOCKED as I was at this discovery I saw that our arrival had been noticed , and that from ?
tr	O	The floor never felt steady and quiet beneath one ’s feet , hut quivered jarred and .
te	I	You are n’t glad it happened , are you ? ” “
te	I	A silence replied to his question . "
te	O	The arrived moment when the two combatants at the shot of a pistol started the battle .
tr	I	I took it up with the Chief himself , just after it happened last night .
te	I	But neither of them was happy .
tr	O	Smcad had stopped smoking long ago , and now he was unaware that his had pipe gone out .
tr	I	We might write up inscriptions on walls " " How do we know their eyes would see the sort of marks we made ? " "
tr	O	You do n't mean he smashed in air the — collision ? "
tr	O	In your tour , must you already have learned that truth . ”
tr	I	He looked keenly at the guard who was stationed outside .
te	O	My inclination is now quite the other way .
tr	O	You on depend Mr. Thompson for food sup- ply and haulage back and forth to the village .
tr	O	If you looked at them askance , would they speedily send you a challenge .
tr	O	I must also add that he had tried in vain to analyze the material green .
te	I	I may add they never leave him . ”
te	I	It had been compressed and polished until it was , I be- lieve , the nearest approach to a true plane surface that has ever been achieved .
tr	I	The machine stopped and I descended to the ground , as did the white being .
tr	I	He does things no other surgeon would even think of attempting , and his knowledge of brain surgery is remarkable .
tr	O	The brown seed - case shrivelled was and absorbed with an equal rapidity .
tr	I	Stefenson slapped him on the back , “ That ’s the boy .
te	I	The rose - light died ; all that immense chamber was black , save for the circle of glowing spheres .
te	I	Pain , pain and pleasure , they are for us only so long as we wriggle in the dust . "
tr	I	He found Doctor Grossbach in a native hut in the last stages of life .
te	I	Once our bites were doctored to an extent that we were able to think of something besides how they itched , we turned our attention to breakfast .
te	O	You must perish with cold ; will you not have the chance of digging out ice - huts like the Esquimaux . " "
tr	I	Loama pleaded with me , too , her lack of words more than re- placed by the eloquence of her eyes .
tr	O	ate I in snatches .
tr	O	VTiy was so she worried ? ”
tr	I	A few took distance “ pot shots . ”
tr	O	He walked about a whole day after he had his lost snow shoes . " "
tr	O	But to now work ! "
tr	I	So many of dur people lived unkindly and died unhappy .
tr	O	voices The of a group of Akata reached them . "
tr	I	Don Alfeo readily grants this permission , because he is sure that so > ne marvel Otis discoveries will be made there if his friend accom- panies him .
va	I	His experience had taught him how to keep a level head in an emergency , and how to control panics .
tr	I	INTO THE GREEN PRISM 1073 to determine its way of manufacture by analysis , he would find it absolutely impossible .
tr	O	It was as level as a baseball diamond was and covered with a fine , silvery dust .
tr	I	Here ’s Schonberg , ” he announced . “
te	I	The reports that were handed in were appalling .
te	O	In fact I have kept dried fireflies for years ten and observed a bright light whenever they were moistened . "
va	O	That impossible is , Olandee , ” he stated quickly . “
va	I	Lulled by the chemist ’s droning voice , they soon fell into a profound sleep .
va	O	It did , move not .
te	O	Ah , the prayer of that pure , sweet girl for the man to whom her had love been given .
te	O	The image of the liner to seemed swim closer , until they could plainly see the ragged hole torn in the white metal plates .
tr	O	In hut and palace , home and barracks , life no was longer possible on account of these thousands of puddles of nausea- producing slime .
va	O	As to the erosion , they might have more had water to begin with than our Earth had . ” “
va	I	Here ’s some more evidence . “
te	I	They seemed lost in thought , each on his own line .
te	I	And never had this delicious beverage been so welcome and refreshing .
te	I	One can think in peace . " "
va	I	My glance fell to the I'ill he held in his hand . “
va	O	Well it is and over the experiment was a success , but alas for the revelation !
te	O	But if you do n’t mind , I ’d rather not them discuss .
tr	I	They would be powerless to harm me , for I possessed a weapon more terrible than anything they had ever conceived of .
tr	O	After breakfast he strolled into out his yard .
tr	O	All the way around the it building extended , with passage- ways extending up and down into other parts of the building and of the city .
tr	O	They scarcely seemed to him heed . "
tr	O	I 'll save yet them ! "
tr	O	In one way I see that that is true , ” replied ICofedix the with a puzzled look . “
tr	O	But with a motor failing — Trevelyan dismissed the thought from his mind , and reached for the gas valves .
tr	O	Pedro thinks that by night we hit will fairly good going although I think that he ’s a little too optimistic .
va	O	This occurred when the deceased , for some unknown reason , attempted to change fuses on a high charged voltage line , with- out first shutting off the current .
te	I	Now go ahead and fire on us and do n't taunt us any longer in our helplessness . " "
tr	O	Wot hit is , sir ? ” ‘
tr	O	I But do n't understand ?
va	I	It is frightfully late , ” exclaimed Dana , “ and now we will retire .
tr	O	are We getting into the inhabited region , " said Edmund . "
va	I	To me , Hektor , they are much as we .
va	O	We might write inscriptions up on walls " " How do we know their eyes would see the sort of marks we made ? " "
tr	I	They will discharge gases to paralyze our will - power and make us unable to resist !
tr	O	The floor upper , like the other two , was empty .
tr	O	Joel was sweating a ogre to : my weary eyes , the astronomers ' clock sounded like an infernal anvil as it measured time monotonously .
va	O	Nothing happened , and he as acted though he did n’t know what to make of it .
tr	I	But how can it be explained ? ” “
tr	O	POLLOCK AND THE PORROH By MAN H. G. Wells { Continued from page 1077 ) doubt at his heart .
tr	O	They are closely guarded , but our student - detectives , wearing very strong eye- glasses , have been working on the problem that from viewpoint .
va	O	At all events , the precaution was a good one ; though how useless utterly and unnecessary — But I must not an- ticipate .
te	I	asked the captain , at last . "
tr	I	I only know that two of the dimensions coincided at that point .
va	I	Venus — We made it !
tr	O	The shrill of the air grew intense ; the speedometer up crept — 90 , 100 ; stood a bit at 120 ; and reached its peak at 135 !
te	O	Edmund 's shone eyes strangely , but he replied only : " I would do what Archimedes dreamed of . "
tr	O	What desire we is a guarantee of safety .
tr	O	There can no be organized life , as we know it , without the direct influence of a live sun . “
te	O	The ships new will be faster ? ” “
te	O	Huldricksson turned his toward head him . “
te	I	Airplanes corne to grief over the land , and if tile same accidents occurred at sea they would be among the missing . "
tr	I	I pulled myself together with a feeling of impatience and started along the slippery way to look for a place where it would be possible to descend .
te	I	When she returned with the serum , Balinsky sub- mitted to an injection without protest . “
te	I	We have been guided , protected , spared — for a purpose . ” “
va	I	We of the mod- ern civilization have become quite smug in our feeling of safety from these dangers , that we know are considerably removed from civilized habitation .
te	I	And by the way , it looks as if we ’d have to shut down if this keeps on .
tr	I	At the foot of the en- closing rampart many boulders were strewn .
tr	O	Talk about fishers of men — lighters of fish is it this time ! " "
va	I	Where ’s the boy ? ”
te	I	We three fled together .
tr	O	Inquisitor The is falling already .
tr	O	Oh , I shall tell them ? ” “
tr	O	But at he length announced . "
tr	O	It crashed to climax a and stopped .
tr	I	which the card was composed .
te	O	That ’s they all were waiting for .
tr	I	You seem very fond of belittling our abilities .
tr	O	said General the , with a sigh of relief . “
tr	I	When you have found it , you will secret yourself in the neighbor- hood and observe these men .
te	O	The reports that were in handed were appalling .
tr	I	It was terrible . ‘
va	I	The battle lasted only a day and part of a night before Tabora knew she was beaten .
va	O	Of course , mio amigo , I did not dream that you would have a prism , that you would be able to see me .
tr	O	He lighted a cigarette and at sat ease , as though in his own study , his brow wrinkled in thought as he made calculations in his notebook .
tr	O	The street shouted boys after him , " Go along , old Pole - shifter I " " Hallo , old clock - jobber ! " "
tr	I	The effect on the pop- ulation has been electric .
tr	I	Then I felt all solid support give way not to my feet , but to the raft itself .
tr	I	There was not the slightest doubt that he was of a different race from the wearers of the blue and yellow whom we had pre- Niously seen .
te	I	One does n’t believe the robber would shoot to kill , yet one is n’t ever sure .
tr	I	Genius is often so ; it i3 a strange fact that many of the greatest of men have been denied by their follows .
te	I	Is n’t this gorgeous , Dick ? ”
te	I	Fred , we had better get Mueller to shove that pow- der flare out to us .
tr	I	True , he was unknown .
te	I	The report scared clouds of parrots up from the jungle on the bank and the clamor of the monkeys was suddenly hushed .
tr	O	Yes , see I something .
tr	I	How is absolutely a mystery .
te	O	said Wall ; “ and why not towards the Pole South ? ” “
te	I	Accident had placed Jordan under the chair from which Samuel Smith had addressed his two associates .
te	I	I cried , firing at those nearest to us . “
tr	O	Perhaps in some ways the most remarkable bird , for it 's the only in bird the world whose feathers are actually green but actually contain red pig- ment .
te	O	The white sun glinted upon thousands of darting heliocar s , by driven silent electricity .
tr	I	Because it was not the lack of money that made Conway stop with his plans for the restoration of Alling- ton Castle .
va	I	Dennison cupped his hands around his mouth and bellowed sharply at the knot of men . “
va	O	Bleeding and bruised they the reached panel .
te	O	Release them , and lead Campo the to promenade deck . "
tr	I	The Inquisitor is falling already .
te	I	For months his mind dwelt on the idea of going to Nep- tune .
tr	I	They sank ankle deep into this dust , light and fluffy , almost like snow . “
tr	I	The despair of Mr. Marvel ’s face deepened , and his pace slackened . “
va	I	Yal listened , but had nothing to say .
tr	I	There were the mighty curving line of gleaming Nep- tunian cylinders through which in the next split - second our great column must crash !
va	O	They will be out looking of a window in this direction , as I told them to do .
tr	I	Ah , I see , I think the machine l)y which they shot their rocket into space . ”
te	O	The Earth 's four- footed creatures alone have escaped the of effects the green vapor .
tr	I	82361 shows marked modification of the filaments .
te	O	.‘\fter coaxing much one day , I promised Roy I ’d go .
tr	I	We pulled up only just in time , fixed on our masks and started up the dynamo .
tr	O	For an he hour wrestled .
tr	O	We 've got to out get o ' here .
te	I	The very thought was stupendous .
tr	O	Here ’s Schonberg , ” announced he . “
te	I	He would reproach his timid followers for fleeing from the spider , leaving him to kill it alone .
va	O	I wonder we how 're going to get down ? "
tr	O	wheel The was not damaged .
tr	I	He must have been sadly overrated .
tr	O	a In moment Sam was beside me .
tr	I	There could be no mistake . "
tr	I	Write that at once : longitude 180 ° , N. Iat .
va	I	At the street level the width of two hundred feet had been divided into a central band of one hundred feet and two outside bands of fifty feet each .
te	O	But , Good Lord , how can it destroy earth the ? "
tr	I	There was no more water save in the rivers encircling the city and these were filthy , man - polluted .
tr	O	And by way the , it looks as if we ’d have to shut down if this keeps on .
tr	I	The stars flashed in the black yoid for an instant , then were again shut out . "
te	O	Thelda answered once at , “ Indeed it will .
te	I	The others were survivors of the terrific fighting outside .
tr	O	place The must he on fire and we had betver fret around there at once . "
tr	O	It must be populated by intelligent beings not themselves unlike !
tr	I	MUnchhausen himself would feel abashed in your presence .
va	I	You were never al- luded to during the evening , nor , so far as I was concerned , even thought of .
tr	I	In fact I have kept dried fireflies for ten years and observed a bright light whenever they were moistened . "
tr	O	A sigh escaped Graham from Greene . "
va	O	1 sensed something dire and under dreadful it all . “
va	I	See that object out there !
tr	O	True , he unknown was .
te	O	I But feel that I have failed .
tr	I	He is following the river that empties into the lake and should arrive in a few hours .
tr	I	Do you see anyone , Ben Zoof ? "
tr	I	I ’m not worried , really . . ,
te	O	Superficiality , display , an parading ostentatious of make- believe , took the place of real knowledge .
tr	O	We carried it down to the water ’s edge and washed away the caked dry mud and dust covered that it ; and under- neath we found the inscription .
va	I	That is impossible , Olandee , ” he stated quickly . “
te	I	Larry leaped to Lakla ’s side . “
tr	I	Get him out of the road , ” said he ; and , clutching the man ’s collar with his free hand , my brother lug- ged him sideways .
te	I	My inclination now is quite the other way .
tr	O	I offer these introductory remarks because I want it understood that this is being told from a layman 's viewpoint — from a layman disinterested 's viewpoint .
tr	I	It looked somewhat like an accordion but instead of reeds had strings against which the air of the bellows breathed and gave exquisite tones .
te	O	Turn on electricity the .
tr	I	Her arms were about his neck — her warm lips against his .
te	O	It terrible was . ‘
te	I	All we need is a starter and a stopper , and , of course , the stopper would be just a gradual shutting off of the starting force .
va	I	On the city - state borderland , life is constantly imperiled by the attacks of well organized bodies of our dreaded foe . (
tr	I	What makes you think so ? " "
te	O	Usually we eat them , envelope simply and digest them .
tr	O	will You come to quite wild places .
tr	O	A few distance took “ pot shots . ”
te	I	The professor smiled . “
te	O	For one when space- walker touched another , their two occupants could hear each other 's shouts , the sound - vibrations carried through the touching metal sides .
tr	O	Now , unless some¬ thing interrupts us again , we ’ll run up our radio tower give and Brandon the long yell . ” “
tr	I	Uncle Jeremiah ’s countenance was in line with that angle .
tr	O	will You make a wonderful Mother , ” replied her husband , with a far - a - way look in his sad eyes .
te	O	asked Professor with Jones an accent of surprise . "
te	I	He pulled the door shut after him , the machine hum¬ med and quivered , and then , apparently , slowly melted into the air .
tr	I	directing the cylinder on its rush out from Neptune , toward its moon .
tr	O	The are currents troubled !
tr	I	No one had any reason to complain of it , except the ptarmi- gans and the hares , and the hunters positively allowed them no rest .
tr	O	Airplanes corne to grief over the land , and if tile same accidents occurred sea at they would be among the missing . "
te	O	He grasped the brass post bed with one hand and stretched out the other to aid the staggering man .
tr	I	Nine feet , ” I told him . “
tr	O	In California , extensive experiments have been made produce to rain by sending electrically - charged kites or bal- loons aloft .
te	I	M. W. ordered Ericson to carry him to the next floor below , and tie him securely .
va	I	At first he was energetic and headlong , taking time neither to eat nor sleep .
va	O	THE MOON POOL 275 The girls , his at signal , again withdrew .
te	O	Bell noticed that the one nearest was him making fillet lace , while the others seemed to be embroidering sundry small articles of apparel .
te	O	If she is able to stand out marrying against Bindon , she will probably stand out against being hypnotised . "
tr	I	Could it be that this was a dream , a vision ?
va	I	He would give her a scare if she did n’t come with a promise .
tr	I	I feared you would never come , " he said .
va	I	Charles H. Austin who sighted them .
va	I	Oh , shall I tell them ? ” “
tr	I	They were working like two demons just as they had been working for a month .
tr	I	A sigh escaped from Graham Greene . "
tr	I	Its funereal , oppressive as- pect smote him suddenly with the chill of a terrible loneliness .
tr	O	Then , speaking himself aloud , he motioned from himself to us , and then to the mechanism .
va	I	There must be a catch somewhere !
tr	I	Suddenly a smooth , sandy plain was murkily revealed below , and I was able to level the ship off enough for a safe landing .
te	I	Here he paused . "
tr	I	But the wry expression on his face cut me short ; I knew that I had been guilty of a stupid reply .
tr	I	He did not appear .
tr	O	The twinkle in eyes his robbed his words of any impertinence . "
tr	O	With all the quickness of light a spiral of the Shining One stretched out encircled and her .
tr	O	Where ’s boy the ? ”
va	I	Whitely and Randall and- the space - flier annihilated — we captured " 260 AMAZING STORIES He Kent toward me . "
tr	I	The new ships will be faster ? ” “
te	I	I ’ll say it has , and it ’s liable to happen again tomorrow morning !
tr	O	I watched , fascinated ; was time as nothing .
tr	O	And yet , if Courtland lives to be a thousand , is he never likely to forget the horrors of that fearful climb !
tr	I	Our plan has failed .
te	I	Wonderful , my boy I ” he breathed . “
tr	O	I feel can that I ’m weaker — it ’s getting in — getting in !
va	I	He never moved till we came right up to him .
tr	O	do I n't know , Mr. Trant .
te	O	the Of occupants , nothing tangible remained . “
tr	O	The had race contained eight feet of water .
tr	O	The mighty ship rolled smoothly along the ground — there were small streams in way the — a tree or two .
tr	O	books Those — ^yes .
te	O	The first we knew of it was the sound of from shots the other side of the crater .
tr	O	Mr. King , I regret meeting our has turned out as it has .
tr	O	But all besides that , there are automatic controls that turn on the front air- blast at the exact time required to counteract the velo- city .
va	O	is This just where you saw the boat twice before ? ” “
te	O	She ’s to going topple ! ”
te	O	He rolled his huge eyes around , and then lay down on the floor and at seemed once to fall asleep . "
tr	O	Over six feet in height , it so was slight that it crept through the nine - inch - square duct without difficulty and bounded soundlessly to the floor .
te	O	If it to appeared vanish , it was merely because it slipped out of sight in the darkness .
tr	O	is Where Mr. Brand ? " "
tr	I	The other end looked like the receiving portion of a tele- vision apparatus , with a hood drawn over the screen . “
va	I	The night had grown close and oppressive .
tr	O	It all remarkably seems simple and plausible after reading this story bv our well- known author .
tr	O	The average speed is already 400 miles hour per . " "
tr	I	The ashen - gold of the maiden priestesses ' hair was wound about their brows in shining coronals .
te	I	That ’s a wonderful relief , Doctor ! ”
tr	O	CHAPTER 4 * SHOCKED as I was at discovery this I saw that our arrival had been noticed , and that from ?
te	I	It has definitely verified what I already knew to be true . ” “
tr	O	CHAPTER VI ' A Lesson Mind in Telepathy AFTER eating our supper , Uncle Ezra again left Ubca and me to ourselves .
tr	I	The moment I opened mj eyes , I felt that some- thing had happened .
tr	I	Rita ’s hand sought mine , and we waited , silently , tremblingly , for discovery .
tr	I	In about an hour weight will gradually return to normal .
tr	I	That ’s all they were waiting for .
tr	I	By all that 's good ! "
tr	I	I ate in snatches .
tr	I	CHAPTER VI ' A Lesson in Mind Telepathy AFTER eating our supper , Uncle Ezra again left Ubca and me to ourselves .
tr	O	Accident had placed Jordan under the chair from which Smith Samuel had addressed his two associates .
tr	O	An inner valve < was opened , and Red Rover slipped into the of City Space .
te	O	This duty same , he told himself , demanded that he take every advantage of her confidence .
tr	I	In your tour , you must already have learned that truth . ”
tr	O	far How did they get ?
tr	O	He used to stand by me and watch while I fished in the lagoon , go and shares in anything I caught .
tr	I	It ai n’t so cool down here either . . . .
tr	I	Get Mary back at once . "
tr	I	The thing you describe is 1V1 just a soldier .
va	I	We were hanging motionless ten miles above the satellite , supported there by darting jets of flame coming from the rocket motors .
te	O	feared I you would never come , " he said .
te	O	Good morning , DuQuesne Doctor .
va	O	Rador back turned toward us . "
te	I	Our earth is conscious .
tr	I	If you looked at them askance , they would speedily send you a challenge .
tr	I	And yet , if Courtland lives to be a thousand , he is never likely to forget the horrors of that fearful climb !
te	O	He glanced at Tom and his clicked teeth . “
tr	I	Ancient higli priests clever biologists and chemists .
te	O	He is — ” “ Enough , Basehore , enough , ” said Dr. calmly Harris . “
tr	O	Suitable clothing has been provided for you and your evening refreshment will be served an in hour .
tr	I	Well , " thought I to myself , " I have certainly been walking too fast — or else Hans and my uncle have stopped to rest .
tr	I	Of course , I should have known that .
tr	O	Following the river , the screen moved along the river road toward the south and our in direction .
tr	O	I must come under that roof rock of and stone and darkness , that horrible roof under which your imagination stoops . ...
te	O	It seemed to him that Lunites the did not wish to kill ; rather they seemed to want submission .
tr	O	He called my attention as he turned his dials to zero , and looked into instrument the .
tr	I	They scarcely seemed to heed him . "
tr	I	Its action is not impaired in any manner .
te	I	Wild celebrations took place among the people of the earth .
tr	I	I intend to stop at some desert town tonight .
tr	O	Well , " thought I to myself , " I have been certainly walking too fast — or else Hans and my uncle have stopped to rest .
tr	I	This was just what the platinum pirate had done .
va	I	At the first glance we saw that still another change had taken place .
tr	O	They will discharge to gases paralyze our will - power and make us unable to resist !
va	O	old - fashioned , an anachronism , that have should existed a thousand years ago .
tr	O	Sam gazed at the flickering colors of the membranes about the head , with the light of strange understanding in his eyes , making strange gestures his with hands .
tr	I	I have been nearly crazy thinking how I could help this distracted country retain its fast ebbing life .
te	O	We were n’t doing what you might suspect , ” said she . “
tr	I	Brother Mariston , ” said Nahum ap- provingly . “
tr	O	Through that had just of them , saw them standing aside from die en- passed the Council of Thirty and guards their .
tr	I	In hut and palace , home and barracks , life was no longer possible on account of these thousands of puddles of nausea- producing slime .
te	O	The two girls were of the same age and almost grew up together , as we were next living door to each other .
tr	O	How did you find things these ? ”
tr	I	The desire to give birth to a child was as much a part of their lives as the desire to eat and sleep .
te	O	I have will you conducted to her at once . "
te	O	ri Quite - ight .
tr	O	The bark has been for used various purposes in pharmacy .
tr	I	These waves are much shorter than light waves , and I hope will some day be known to the world as Kingston waves .
te	O	The grip at his throat suddenly relaxed , and with convulsive a effort Kemp loosed himself , grasped a limp shoulder , and rolled uppermost .
te	I	She ’s going to topple ! ”
tr	I	A later school oj Something must have thiyntirely and they maintai , . , . ,
tr	O	Before that all was summer year the round .
tr	I	His face turned as white as a sheet , and he sank upon the floor . "
tr	I	I looked at the pillars of light and I tested the liquid of the Pool on which they fell .
te	I	Tom Van Swagger was now listening in on an ice- hockey game broadcast from St. Moritz .
tr	O	The hand destiny of seemed in it .
te	O	They seemed lost thought in , each on his own line .
tr	I	Of course you will want to know what it is .
tr	O	was He crouched together into the smallest possible com- pass , his luminous green eyes turned over his shoulder regarding rae .
te	O	They are numbered , though can none tell the number . "
tr	I	Over six feet in height , it was so slight that it crept through the nine - inch - square duct without difficulty and bounded soundlessly to the floor .
tr	I	The powerful catapult shot the streamlined flyer into the air .
tr	I	We THE RETURN OF THE MARTIANS 79 were handed over to this newcomer with the advice that we were to go to the official welcome .
tr	I	He gave it to Plattner at the end of the afternoon school .
tr	I	322 “ Do n’t you leave go of enl ” cried the big navvy , holding a bloodstained spade ; “ he ’s shamming . ”
tr	O	The men in physics the lab .
tr	O	Bill , you and coroner the , ” he beckoned a moment later . “
tr	I	The whole machine vibrated to the engine beat , and it rolled and tossed so much that I could hardly recover my feet .
te	O	got I up presently , walked perhaps half a mile without meet- ing a soul , and then lay down again in the shadow of a hedge .
te	I	Through the thick windows of the little conning - tower I watched the monsters flying above us .
tr	I	Nothing else but . ”
tr	I	Something goes on here — something rotten in the state of Denmark , all right .
tr	I	If I can locate the things , I can get rid of them even if they ’re not vis- ible .
tr	I	By some miracle he was ahead of time !
te	O	Pollock had given an incoherent cry , and had his hands in hair his .
tr	O	He pictured in lurid the terms possible consequence of the coming event , and the dreadful pen- alties of further delay .
tr	O	With the new finders for the radio screens , cities were invulnerable now — as long as the Power Planet swam in space .
te	I	May I ask , ” inquired Sayre , “ where your observa- tories are located ? ” “
te	O	All the way these through men have kept within the letter of the law .
tr	I	Smcad had stopped smoking long ago , and now he was unaware that his pipe had gone out .
tr	O	asked the King Kilowatt .
te	I	The brown seed - case shrivelled and was absorbed with an equal rapidity .
tr	O	Straight rose ahead the precipitous mountain side above the quarry .
tr	O	MUnchhausen himself would feel abashed in presence your .
te	I	Remember you get these THREE MONEY - MAKING PLANS , and 200 OPPORTUNITIES FREE !
tr	O	Because it was the not lack of money that made Conway stop with his plans for the restoration of Alling- ton Castle .
te	I	I ’m afraid she ’ll never forgive you for that headache you ’ve given her .
tr	I	When these were answered , perhaps he would be skep- tical .
tr	O	The exploration their of new domain yielded many wonders and a few advantages .
tr	O	Ah , I see , I think the machine l)y which they their shot rocket into space . ”
tr	O	For months mind his dwelt on the idea of going to Nep- tune .
tr	O	Doctor , I ’m gorilla no bke you are .
tr	O	I a found thousand difficulties .
te	O	Nothing further of interest that transpired night .
te	I	They constitute an experiment never before attempted by science for any purpose , let alone for the purpose I have in mind . “
tr	O	One does n’t believe the robber would shoot to kill , yet is one n’t ever sure .
tr	O	had he perforce been made to shut up like clam a to the goggling world .
tr	I	She does all her own cooking , knows how to make a lot of eastern dishes that are really very fine and not expensive either .
tr	I	HE was silent , evidently contemplating the idea with vast pleasure .
tr	I	Flammenwerfer , " Mulgrave answered the .
te	I	So was most of our old world population .
tr	O	As say you , ma’am ! ’
tr	O	said he , suddenly .
te	I	He rolled his huge eyes around , and then lay down on the floor and seemed at once to fall asleep . "
va	O	Under any circumstances the telegram informed the of world two matters of interest : — ■ 1 .
tr	I	L EFT quite alone in the small , bare observatory room , I lay on my back and watched the progress of the battle .
tr	I	Take water for example .
tr	O	Suddenly he dropped the glass and it broke on the stone floor — the second day that .
va	O	It might very be useful if we met some savages .
tr	O	322 “ Do n’t you leave of go enl ” cried the big navvy , holding a bloodstained spade ; “ he ’s shamming . ”
tr	O	You ’ll note that I in said space , gentle- men . ” “
tr	I	An - Tak shook his head . “
va	O	much Nothing . . . . " "
tr	O	We of the mod- civilization ern have become quite smug in our feeling of safety from these dangers , that we know are considerably removed from civilized habitation .
tr	O	There was not the slightest doubt he that was of a different race from the wearers of the blue and yellow whom we had pre- Niously seen .
te	I	It seemed to him that the Lunites did not wish to kill ; rather they seemed to want submission .
tr	I	My eyes are so bad I could n’t study it closely , but I read enough to make my reason totter .
tr	O	Soo still held his breath when stopped they by a door to the outside passageway .
tr	I	You ’d better put on a suit , too , so you can stand in the air - lock and handle the line . ”
tr	I	exclaimed Bell , “ what disgusting brutes ! ” “
va	O	Well , six weeks ago Landers came to me and told me he had to something sell ; a secret system for beating the customs .
tr	O	We prepared supper , ate and talked a little , but for most the part were silent .
tr	I	The others startled , tried to leave .
va	I	Now , I 'm a physicist , and can not af- ford to waste much time in gratifying idle curiosity .
tr	I	You must have suggested you are invisible . ” “
tr	O	You are many — " " For God 's sake , " cried Montgomery , " that stop , Prendick ! " "
tr	O	The of Extraction the ' Metal is an- tJttsorvable Mystery NOTWITHSTANDING the failure 6f .
tr	I	The exploration of their new domain yielded many wonders and a few advantages .
tr	I	Glenn put in . “
te	O	There be must a catch somewhere !
va	O	the science is good cxtoordinarily .
tr	O	I said , Tt will return not for three hours .
tr	O	Stod- dard him regarded in heavy - lidded silence before reply- ing , then said : " I 'll give you a try - out .
te	O	Good , " said my uncle , with a very positive air conviction of , " we are not in Germany . "
tr	O	Bill had seen the Prince her push away , then thank her gruffly when he had found what she had done . "
tr	O	Again the instrument board began to glow , faintly albeit .
tr	O	I ’ve thinking been about that .
tr	I	I said , Tt will not return for three hours .
tr	O	To our they surprise paid no attention to the watchman .
te	O	The others were survivors the of terrific fighting outside .
tr	I	How far this process goes on no one knows , not even the wisest of the masters of wis- dom on any of the planes know . "
tr	I	I knew , ” he replied , “ because I have learned many secrets of manabinite ’s powers of which I knew nothing when I experimented here with you .
tr	O	Easy , " said Nankivell , " get back your to it , Bob . " "
tr	I	Then he pulled out the front and examined the wiring at back . “
tr	I	The earth ’s surface , its sky and the sun were all so changed and unearthly appearing .
te	I	Again the instrument board began to glow , albeit faintly .
tr	O	It is an as- tonishing thing how weapons few there are nowa- days .
tr	O	There w^as no such thing as damage suits for loss of life for or personal injury .
tr	I	I said faintly . "
tr	O	They ca n’t that be dangerous . ”
tr	I	He heard the servant answer the door , and waited for her feet on the staircase , but she did not come . “
va	I	He was crouched together into the smallest possible com- pass , his luminous green eyes turned over his shoulder regarding rae .
va	O	I fully expected to see Priestley defy him any at cost .
tr	O	On Wednesday of next week I shall give the initiating dinner of the Self - Serving Dining - Table to a very selected few friends .
te	O	And at the end of the scale beyond the short wave lengths there may countless be gradations of shorter and shorter lengths . "
te	O	It looked somewhat like an accordion but instead of reeds had strings against which air the of the bellows breathed and gave exquisite tones .
te	I	And so I came .
va	I	Then a bit of commotion , and another voice said , “ The Journal covers the South like the dew . ”
tr	I	The canoe was as black as sin .
tr	I	No one ever saw him again .
tr	I	I received from the agency a notice requesting me to apply in person to Mr. Sidelburg .
tr	O	But did they n’t ! ”
te	O	No , except my as companion . " "
tr	O	It is true , here and there , in this part of the world and that , poverty reared ugly its head .
tr	I	On Wednesday of next week I shall give the initiating dinner of the Self - Serving Dining - Table to a very few selected friends .
te	O	What I mean is that I to seemed be in a mirror , looking out on the world .
tr	I	Then I hate to see such a man abandoned to Garo Nark . ”
tr	I	Mr. King , I regret our meeting has turned out as it has .
tr	O	Would n't talk much , either — they may intercept our wave , narrow it as is . " "
te	O	we But ’ve got to hold them back some way — wonder if they can absorb a tractor field ? ”
tr	O	The con- tact sparked a little — at least the was current partially grounded and the operators at the station would notice the diminution in intensity .
tr	O	He fussed about the study in an absent- minded way until Mrs. Donaghy called to him supper .
tr	O	Whitely and Randall and- the space - flier annihilated — we captured " 260 AMAZING He STORIES Kent toward me . "
tr	O	We stood up side side by . "
tr	I	that he has in tracing its marks on things , he can clear up half the cases that fill the jail in three days . ” “
tr	O	This time the panic was overwhelming ; nothing ' could it stop .
tr	I	I 'll save them yet ! "
tr	O	wo You n't see the time .
tr	I	I 'd like to rest a. bit .
tr	I	Then , speaking aloud himself , he motioned from himself to us , and then to the mechanism .
tr	I	I did not want to let Wilma out of my sight , but it was necessary .
tr	I	P EERING into the visiplates , the two men were poised above the immense central cone of the capital city of the Fenachronc .
tr	I	could it . . . ? "
te	O	The electric light burned steadily , but Estelle was sobbing with fright and Arthur was trying vainly console to her . "
te	I	He saw that light objects like the empty barrel were congregating at the middle of the cellar .
va	I	Again I saw the panoramic view of the valley and mountains .
tr	O	Well , that just meant watching the all planes from now on .
tr	O	Mr. Branower thought of him first , of course , and could answered have in two seconds .
va	I	You depend on Mr. Thompson for food sup- ply and haulage back and forth to the village .
tr	I	The head and dart sank down into the heavy ooze at the bottom of the sea perhaps a thousand feet and was fossilized .
va	O	In adjoining the bedroom Dana Gleason had heard the summons and opened her eyes .
te	I	Never again , I determined , would I enter the laboratory .
te	O	You accept must it . ”
te	I	Only here , the features were slashed out with a gigantism that dwarfed our western canyons and buttes .
tr	O	Still — form for ’s sake ? ” “
tr	O	With a radiant smile she him kissed goodnight and darted up the stairs .
tr	O	bankers All are chivalrous .
tr	O	Your order shall be obeyed , " replied Tubal with a bow deep and a familiar sign . "
te	O	I May ask , ” inquired Sayre , “ where your observa- tories are located ? ” “
tr	O	Soo Yong stopped before the table , bowing low , waiting for Chang Lin speak to .
tr	O	He darted back toward the group upon the ground , while the of mass earth fell with a crash a quarter of a mile away .
te	I	I ’ve been thinking about that .
tr	O	For God ’s sake , are what we to do ? ”
tr	O	We did so , but at now a whi.s- pered w - ord from Ross , Professor van de Gould took the lead .
va	O	Had the Manabis diminished in size until they become had invisible to the naked eye ?
te	O	means That six thousand meals a & lt;lay .
tr	I	Of the occupants , nothing tangible remained . “
tr	I	Turn on the electricity .
tr	O	A bizarre little melody produced by a system of gongs , concealed somewhere the in wall , aroused us .
te	I	He shook both arms at Banza . “
tr	O	The red - haired man a laughed satisfied laugh . "
tr	I	Yes , I see something .
tr	I	He walked about a whole day after he had lost his snow shoes . " "
tr	O	Got a cork arm , I suppose , and has taken off it .
tr	O	stared He at me .
tr	I	There may be nothing to it , but I suggest that we hunt these four men , including the judge , and also that we investigate the Riccadona .
te	O	sound A had come from above to our ears , a steady , slow clicking as of a great clock .
tr	I	Sure he did ; but he is intelligent enough to make allowances , the same as we are doing .
tr	I	The twinkle in his eyes robbed his words of any impertinence . "
tr	I	I believe that he uses some form of glider .
tr	I	Gun destroyed last night , sir .
tr	I	I asked of Roy . “
tr	O	Now , ” said the handmaiden , " there ’s else nothing we can do — save wait . ”
tr	O	Three below miles was a suspension - bridge , across which a train was crawl- ing from the Canadian to the American hank . "
te	O	Here , at any rate , " said I , " I shall find and peace a chance to work ! "
te	I	Fairy princesses and adventures in distant lands occupied his inmost thoughts .
tr	O	While Courtland was philosophizing , the walked Professor around to the rear of the altar .
tr	I	It was as level as a baseball diamond and was covered with a fine , silvery dust .
va	I	I watched , fascinated ; time was as nothing .
tr	I	A sound had come from above to our ears , a steady , slow clicking as of a great clock .
tr	O	I ’ll say it has , and it ’s to liable happen again tomorrow morning !
tr	O	Finally , however , it began to fade , turning red it as did so .
tr	I	Captain Brand was staring at the tall , smiling man , with a curious expression on his red , square - chinned face .
tr	O	Ahrora Thon still stood beside Dick , grasping his arm .
te	I	Before that all was summer the year round .
tr	O	We were hanging motionless ten miles above the satellite , supported there by darting jets of flame coming the from rocket motors .
tr	O	Sup- posing we had succeeded in reaching the southern and shores distant of this extraordinary sea , what would have become of us ?
te	I	You are many — " " For God 's sake , " cried Montgomery , " stop that , Prendick ! " "
va	O	had We a hundred - man flyer at our service , but if we turned on power to run it , we mobilized every war- ship in Kau .
te	O	Nothing startling in that at rate any .
tr	O	stole He my purse ; I stole his life .
te	I	Welt , this fluid of his was of such a subtle nature that it neutralized and balked only the waves which were caused by the ring of metal .
te	O	It fills such a longing in the breast human .
te	O	And we are astonished at the unfriendly reception we have accorded been . " "
te	O	But only a for moment .
tr	I	Usually we eat them , simply envelope and digest them .
tr	I	Yes , exchange ideas about things we are interested in — the way we live , our hopes , ambitions . ”
tr	I	It seemed necessary for me to move somehow , so I drew my legs up and shot them out with all my force .
tr	I	I would have unhesita- tingly pronounced her dead , had I not seen what had happened to her .
te	I	With his clammy , misshapen hands he gripped ours in the way he had learned , parting with us gravely , quietly , one by one .
tr	O	It is duty our as scientists , Jack . ” “
tr	I	The secretary ’s idiocy almost snapped the en- gineer ’s control .
tr	O	FROM VANDALS THE MOON 307 hurrying hither and thither on their merciless errands of destruction .
tr	I	At Brad- ley ’s command , the men took up the duties assigned them — gathering wood , building a cook - fire and pre- paring the evening meal .
tr	I	I nodded , recalling the interesting discussion that Jim had hurled at me right after that lecture . “
te	O	Only I and a few others , however , know of another discovery that he made at the time , incidental to the per- of fecting the accumulator .
tr	O	My imagination , I found , not was altogether stagnant . “
va	O	I find could no opening , lord , ” said the green dwarf quickly .
tr	I	One or two of the older women fainted .
tr	I	The race had contained eight feet of water .
tr	I	One of the pas- sengers came hurrying up . “
tr	I	He had released great clouds of his animation suspending gas .
tr	O	6 and two the cruisers Nos .
tr	I	The place must he on fire and we had betver fret around there at once . "
te	I	They did not know he had overheard , and he did not want to break up the occasion .
tr	I	In a momentary flash of bitter memory , the boy recalled her words — ' And you , Gnostes — now you must carry on . ’
te	O	He shook both at arms Banza . “
te	I	For God ’s sake , what are we to do ? ”
te	I	A submersible would not have been capacious enough for the party I wanted to take . "
tr	O	cried voice a . "
tr	I	AGAIN Morey and Arcot were looking at the great ■ Jersey aerodrome , out on the great fields that had been broad marshes centuries before .
tr	I	Thus the professor picked up the conversation : " A few days ago , I took a trip to Winchester and placed myself under Doctor Mayer 's care .
tr	O	The accounts newspaper were elaborations of his own theory of an attack by the missionary ’s dissipated son on his wife and her shooting him in self - defense .
te	I	Well , that just meant watching all the planes from now on .
tr	O	I But 'm not Agnes .
tr	I	That 's a good omen I M. Versal should send out one of his turkeys to spy a landing place . ”
va	O	We had come to rate their abilities rather higher fuller with knowledge of their ways . “
tr	I	One complete revolution through this ellipsoidal path we call a year . “
te	I	The deposits of gold at the south pole were richer than the wildest reports had rep- resented them .
te	O	Has any one ever seen he where has dug ? ”
te	I	I was becoming a trifle uneasy and was scanning every news dispatch from South America .
te	I	All the battleships were circling erratically .
va	O	What it is I know not , nor how it fall will .
tr	O	I hastened to lay idea my before Kalu and the council .
tr	I	Those books — ^yes .
tr	I	Suppose then that by some in- comprehensible means we have penetrated into another space than ours .
tr	O	The Professor : Johnson Doctor , unless you listen to me , you will never hear what I have to tell you .
tr	I	Only I and a few others , however , know of another discovery that he made at the time , incidental to the per- fecting of the accumulator .
te	I	But I was motor 47 ing with my wife .
te	O	He us herded out of the door and slammed it to behind us .
tr	I	Perhaps you ’ll change your mind when I charge you with the murder of Sidney Steele .
tr	O	L EFT quite alone in the small , observatory bare room , I lay on my back and watched the progress of the battle .
te	O	At last I found one who knew you in the place they call Beatty and he got for them me .
tr	I	No , except as my companion . " "
te	I	Go ahead and laugh , ” snapped Barry . “
te	I	Once , too , I know I slipped , and hung for a few dizzy seconds over what seemed to be a co * 660 AMAZING STORIES lossal drop .
va	O	How are you going to handle it , or even get it your into apparatus ? " "
te	I	The transmitter is on the roof of this building ! ’
te	O	The canoe as was black as sin .
te	O	CHAPTER X A Murderous Package WO days Pryor later again found himself in Lieutenant Spangler ’s office .
tr	I	To explain : On earth , the atmosphere consists roughly of 20 parts oxygen and 79 parts nitrogen .
tr	I	Why — yes , ” admitted the prefect , taken aback . “
tr	I	VTiy was she so worried ? ”
va	I	Pretty women iiushed and glittering , heard the news told jestingly be- tween daiices , and feigned an intelligent interest they did not feel . "
te	O	That was sure ' funny that time , oh , oh , oh , oh .
te	O	But , ” to quote the article in the Times , “ Mr. Hender- son was not satisfied yet .
te	I	Hereafter — I 'm — in charge ! "
tr	I	For some time I could not recollect what had hap- pened .
te	I	CHAPTER IV The World Swept With Terror THE tempest of hail , snow , lightning , and rain , which burst so unexpectedly over .
tr	O	By this time the barbarians were coming in force full .
tr	O	There was no possible way for me to get word them to .
tr	I	Wish Ma had er lived longer .
tr	I	A bizarre little melody produced by a system of gongs , concealed somewhere in the wall , aroused us .
tr	I	Ripac would break him like a dry reed .
tr	O	One or two of the older fainted women .
tr	O	Let each man have say his and then we 'll argue it .
va	I	What 's to be done ? "
va	I	My watch said it was twenty minutes past three .
tr	I	Meanwhile thy friend is condemned to the mines .
tr	I	Now , to show my faith in you , I have sold this property to you , through an agent .
tr	I	Was it that — that green thing ? "
tr	O	I found that I was able to focus the effect of current this on a definite area in the tissues .
tr	I	The morning ’s paper lay carelessly opened and thrown aside .
tr	O	He would not get out the of way . " "
te	O	See Stories Amazing , May issue , p. 148 .
tr	O	I cried , firing those at nearest to us . “
tr	I	Somehow , he got off the trail and went crashing through a black- berry thicket .
tr	I	I 've always considered the fourth di- mension a mathematical ab- straction . " "
te	I	Twenty years ago I came to the Ozarks , seeking sanctuary in their loneliness .
tr	O	At that I thought could contain myself no longer , but burst out with , “ What about the disintegrating ball ? ”
tr	I	It was developed out of the Uranium Age .
te	I	Nothing much . . . . " "
tr	O	did Kington not answer immediately .
tr	O	Could it be that this a was dream , a vision ?
tr	O	Let me to return those first new experiences of mine .
te	O	Hidden also from alien eyes Kirk was Paulson and his group of friends .
tr	O	It was a question which Soo realized should he be able to answer .
tr	O	Over his long pointed nose was a pair of goggles , which he said he had to wear or he could n’t nothing see .
te	I	gt ; Biit what effect can a rifle - hall pro- duce upon the armor scales with which the bodies of these horrid monsters are covered ?
te	I	He then designed the new type of motor which he had said he had in mind .
tr	I	I am about talked out . ” “
te	O	The fingerprints forged , ” replied Dr. Harris . “
tr	I	To the right roared the eastward ways , to the left the ways in the opposite direction , swarming with people .
tr	I	I looked at Corwin ’s la.st drawing thoughtfully , tilting my head first one way and then the other .
tr	I	What is the matter ?
tr	O	But island which was it of the thousands that dot the Pacific ?
tr	O	action Its is not impaired in any manner .
tr	I	I ’m ready to listen , ” I said with eager interest .
te	I	Then I rushed past him whirling my crowbars , and shout- ing to confound the aim of the Selenite .
te	O	The stars flashed in the yoid black for an instant , then were again shut out . "
tr	I	The machine hummed , and quivered , and then ap¬ parently slowly melted into the .
tr	O	In other words , space , as we know it , permits to objects move in three dimensions or combinations of the same .
te	I	But in two hours the Albatross would be annihilated !
tr	I	the unity of all the sciences , ” the old man with the ragged coat was saying . “
te	I	And for your folly you shall die .
te	O	However , that immaterial is . ...
te	O	Is n’t gorgeous this , Dick ? ”
tr	O	When she returned with serum the , Balinsky sub- mitted to an injection without protest . “
te	O	Say , ” he exclaimed , “ who ’s that guy old .
te	I	He approached the workbench whereon reposed the bulkiest microscope Mason had ever seen .
tr	I	You might yell for help — and say , you might ask somebody to have that astronom- ical data ready for us as soon as we land . " "
tr	I	The average speed is already 400 miles per hour . " "
te	O	The gas , too much time , careered off to lose itself beyond the sea dilated , bad burst balloon the .
te	O	one No ever saw him again .
te	O	Did bring you all this equipment from the valley ? ”
tr	I	Not here five minutes and she ca n’t take her eyes from you .
tr	O	The bottles there , ” he whispered , “ Mix — , injection make . ”
tr	I	6 and the two cruisers Nos .
te	O	Do yon know what percentage of accidents aviation and fatalities have never been explained ? "
te	I	The only Snals remaining were the armed and armored overseers .
te	I	she asked scornfully . “
va	O	Then I twist the ring to the and left am at once in touch with a lieutenant under me who transmits my orders to any section I may designate .
tr	O	your heart own come first . ” ‘ ‘
tr	I	the man hesitated . “
tr	I	He finally obtained a prom- ise that the suit would be delivered in a few weeks .
te	I	But they did n’t ! ”
tr	I	Now , ” said the handmaiden , " there ’s nothing else we can do — save wait . ”
tr	O	One think can in peace . " "
te	O	he exclaimed , pointing to a faint outline that broke the monotony of the circle that divided the plain the from sky .
tr	I	I sank into oblivion .
te	I	And was she not a vessel launched into the aerial sea ?
tr	I	I stood re- garding this .
tr	I	Would n’t the mere force of such an acceleration as you mention flatten you on the floor and hold you there ?
tr	O	Von der shall Kortz be best man , Graham .
tr	O	never And had this delicious beverage been so welcome and refreshing .
te	O	We have sworn , but perhaps some day even oaths not will hold us .
tr	I	But only for a moment .
va	I	If I were to remain here , what difference would it be between captivity and death ? ”
tr	O	She came us to in answer to an advertise- ment .
te	I	Moved by a sudden thought , I looked northward , and there I perceived a third of these cloudy black kopjes had arisen .
tr	I	I found that I was able to focus the effect of this current on a definite area in the tissues .
te	I	Doc had done likewise .
te	O	Take for water example .
tr	O	Up the stairway raced we , as though the police were alter us .
tr	O	Venus — We it made !
te	O	If it please you , my dear Ray , ” she said , “ kindly to step the platform at my side . ”
tr	I	The castor oil bean plant is one of the necessities of this country .
te	I	And THE CHAMBER OF LIFE 639 cars rolling by , pausing at the cross streets with little squealings of brakes .
te	O	But I was motor 47 with ing my wife .
te	I	He wished he were more carefully dressed , for she seemed interested in him ; her eyes were always on him .
te	O	There were assembled the most curious , the most interested ; and the there passions of the moment were unchained .
tr	I	Going to have him take your place as engineer ? ” “
tr	O	And there I stopped short , my eyes caught by a phenomenon queer .
tr	O	But when- ever they flashed with downward blinding brilliancy , forest , rocks and ground melted instantaneously into nothing , where they played upon them .
tr	I	There were assembled the most curious , the most interested ; and there the passions of the moment were unchained .
tr	I	The street boys shouted after him , " Go along , old Pole - shifter I " " Hallo , old clock - jobber ! " "
te	O	Surely are you going to give more than that ? "
tr	I	They have an electric motor under- neath , I ’ll bet , and just run it up in that way .
tr	I	Escape or help seems impossible .
tr	O	In about an hour will weight gradually return to normal .
te	I	old - fashioned , an anachronism , that should have existed a thousand years ago .
tr	O	Then I turned to Weena where lay beside my iron mace .
tr	O	King absolutely would permit not any interior “ phantom ” views .
va	O	The Professor ( in answer to Doctor the ) : Yes .
tr	I	These books are well written , mostly in non - technical language — The Author . * (
te	O	In the center was a small hillock or surmounted tumulus by a scorched haw- thorn .
te	O	Sort of a miracle , know you .
tr	I	Im- mediately Crombie regretted his action .
tr	O	When have you found it , you will secret yourself in the neighbor- hood and observe these men .
tr	O	Instead , two occurred things which were unprecedented in the history of Kotar .
tr	I	Even had pedestrians been near , there would have been little chance that the murderer would have been noticed .
tr	I	Give us two minutes more . ” “
tr	I	They do n’t know us front John Smith , ” Parmenter whispered . “
tr	I	The engineer could thus hope that by sunrise at such an altitude he would still be in sight of the island .
tr	O	Only the instru- remained ments to be installed .
te	I	There was a sudden forward surge , and the blue line of policemen vanished , as if by magic .
tr	I	The audience , panting , all in a heat , gesticulate and howl .
tr	O	Well , ” said Peter thoughtfully , “ I a have notion to help you out .
tr	O	message A had come from above — a message from Minott !
va	I	Thon Ahrora still stood beside Dick , grasping his arm .
tr	O	At the feel oE its suction- like on legs my flesh I went crazy .
te	O	This was probably caused by the loosening the of dust behind and beneath us .
te	I	But nevertheless,- such was the case .
tr	O	for And your folly you shall die .
tr	I	In the case of the woman it was bodily contact which frightened her , and , in the other case , the fact that the money vanished .
te	I	Thelda answered at once , “ Indeed it will .
tr	I	No more small stuff till after next November .
te	I	We did do it . ”
tr	I	320 AMAZING STORIES As an inventor Mr. Fosdick had achieved great success .
tr	I	In a far recess of the cavern my captors bade me halt .
va	O	One complete revolution through this path ellipsoidal we call a year . “
tr	O	The dawn was just breaking we as started .
tr	I	It all seems remarkably simple and plausible after reading this story bv our well- known author .
tr	O	Remember you get THREE these MONEY - MAKING PLANS , and 200 OPPORTUNITIES FREE !
te	I	I must have been drunk or some- thing .
tr	I	In one way I see that that is true , ” replied the ICofedix with a puzzled look . “
tr	O	This creature not knew the meaning of fellowship or friendship , and would betray either to gain his own ends .
tr	I	We have to hurry if we want to do anything before he reaches night !
tr	I	cried a voice . "
te	O	You might yell for help — and say , you might ask somebody have to that astronom- ical data ready for us as soon as we land . " "
tr	O	Not a place hide to in . ”
te	I	Of course , amigo mio , I did not dream that you would have a prism , that you would be able to see me .
tr	O	However , we do n't have to about worry that distant date ! "
tr	O	VII CHAPTER The Waters Begin to Eise COSMO VERSAL bad begun the construction of his ark in the latter part of June .
tr	O	The castor oil bean plant is one of the of necessities this country .
te	I	How far did they get ?
tr	O	chief The was evidently expecting a call , for he had STORIES just left the dinner - table and was entering the study when the phone buzzed . “
tr	O	Rosonoff glanced at the clock and pulled from pocket his a pencil and some paper .
tr	O	Nine feet , ” told I him . “
va	I	The look she gave him was a rich reward . "
te	O	Edmund strove to increase our speed , making the silent engineer his and men aid him with their ut- most exertions .
tr	I	The Professor remained with him for some time , still feeling rather conscience - stricken . "
te	O	These waves are much shorter than light waves , I and hope will some day be known to the world as Kingston waves .
tr	O	He pointed to objects called and them by name .
te	O	When these were answered , perhaps he be would skep- tical .
tr	O	patient The ani- mals were still occupying their old position , prowling up and down and growling .
tr	O	no rivalry , for was each the greatest in his own field and had no aspirations toward any other branch of science .
tr	I	Mr. Schonberg probably knows something about their rental . ”
te	O	Our heat ray is more considerably powerful , I imagine .
te	I	The pulse machine in operation was simple .
tr	I	Easy to him was the construction of boring machines worked with air compressed by the power of the large waterfalls in the district .
te	I	Did not Robur hold the results wholly in his own hands ?
tr	O	Yes , installation the of ray towers will require a huge capital ; but it will pay .
te	I	Besides , I know the money has been well spent . ”
tr	I	Say , ” he exclaimed , “ who ’s that old guy .
tr	O	Write that once at : longitude 180 ° , N. Iat .
te	O	Rita ’s hand sought mine , and we waited , silently , tremblingly , discovery for .
te	I	These were upholstered in green also .
tr	I	The voices of a group of Akata reached them . "
tr	O	Like the skeleton of a long - dead it Cyclops loomed , outlined in the dark .
te	O	spoke You several times of the Crypt , ” I remarked . “
tr	I	It was their pet affectation to read print instead of hearing phonographs .
tr	I	But I 'm not Agnes .
tr	I	I had no escape from it .
te	O	They would be powerless to harm me , for I possessed a weapon more terrible than they anything had ever conceived of .
te	O	He does things no other surgeon would even think of attempting , his and knowledge of brain surgery is remarkable .
te	I	He ca n't use an engine for that cither . "
te	I	Accordingly , he made several trips to the storeroom and back , carrying small quantities of food under his clothing , and watching care- fully for returning servants .
tr	I	At this distance we could see them distinctly , and there was nothing human about them .
tr	I	A cry of terror escaped all lips , and there was a general rush to the other side .
tr	O	So many of dur people lived and unkindly died unhappy .
te	I	CI himvledge is progressing rapidly and the time wi so our scientists assure us , when man can stay rea young for several hundred years .
tr	I	And iL that was a weak area , may the Lord keep us away from a strong one .
tr	I	Perhaps in some ways the most remarkable bird , for it 's the only bird in the world whose feathers are actually green but actually contain red pig- ment .
tr	I	The walls of the pit beneath us were of gleaming , silvery looking metal , and winding up around them was a railed metal stairway .
va	I	Think of what good these people can do for our world .
tr	I	Kington did not answer immediately .
tr	I	At the feel oE its suction- like legs on my flesh I went crazy .
tr	I	That 's the very principle that it works on , " said the inventor . "
va	I	Sort of a miracle , you know .
te	O	So most was of our old world population .
tr	I	You will come to quite wild places .
tr	I	At all events , the young woman 's prognostication was to be tellingly verified .
tr	O	For a space I reading stood over the abandoned arguments .
tr	O	By some miracle was he ahead of time !
tr	I	She had come to share my love for Sam . "
te	I	A harmless thing the marking seemed ; only a ring about four inches in diameter , a kind of cup - shaped depression with a raised center .
te	I	We had come to rate their abilities rather higher with fuller knowledge of their ways . “
te	I	Instead , two things occurred which were unprecedented in the history of Kotar .
tr	I	Per- haps this idea of war " I did n't finish .
te	I	You must perish with cold ; you will not have the chance of digging out ice - huts like the Esquimaux . " "
tr	O	It was short a piece of metal rod that he had used to open the Cask .
tr	I	I cried across the wind , “ you are beautiful ! ”
te	I	Tubby was contemptuous . “
tr	I	But , ” to quote the article in the Times , “ Mr. Hender- son was not yet satisfied .
tr	O	the asked captain , at last . "
te	O	The look gave she him was a rich reward . "
tr	O	Its is period short — about two days . ” “
te	I	The aerial commotion fell swiftly until it was a mere strong gale , and I became once more aware that I had breath and feet .
tr	I	It would be installed that night , but now they felt that a rest and a meal were due them .
tr	O	Mr. Schonberg probably knows about something their rental . ”
te	O	so If I shall study it .
tr	I	There was as ex- plosion and the instrument that had been on the table flew to pieces .
tr	O	Once our bites were doctored to an that extent we were able to think of something besides how they itched , we turned our attention to breakfast .
tr	I	He displayed now a rear view of the Newberry house .
te	O	Give us minutes two more . ” “
te	O	must You have suggested you are invisible . ” “
tr	I	As Jonah said to the whale , “ You ca n’t keep a good man down . ”
tr	O	makes What you think so ? " "
te	I	In the adjoining bedroom Dana Gleason had heard the summons and opened her eyes .
te	O	took I certain precautions , and on the first night of this full moon I hid myself within the vault of Chau - ta - leur . ”
va	I	He fussed about the study in an absent- minded way until Mrs. Donaghy called him to supper .
tr	I	One evening Rollins faced Gleason . "
te	O	dear , you must go at once to observatory the .
tr	O	But , instead of helping to clear up mystery the , it rather complicated it for a time , .
tr	O	harmless A thing the marking seemed ; only a ring about four inches in diameter , a kind of cup - shaped depression with a raised center .
te	I	He used to stand by me and watch while I fished in the lagoon , and go shares in anything I caught .
tr	O	He did appear not .
va	I	The muscles are go- ing to be easy .
tr	I	Sam was still at the house , although it was past our usual supper time .
va	O	But can how it be explained ? ” “
va	O	This in- dividual fixedly stared at me without moving or speaking .
te	I	We are adversaries no more . " "
tr	I	However , we do n't have to worry about that distant date ! "
tr	O	He gave it to Plattner the at end of the afternoon school .
tr	O	Finally , when the combatants were exhausted and al- defenseless most , we stepped in with an army of twenty million .
te	I	I smiled , partly with relief , partly with derision . "
tr	I	You ca n't come in !
tr	O	The control 's good , " she excitedly exclaimed . "
tr	I	Only the instru- ments remained to be installed .
va	O	As Jonah said to the whale , “ You ca n’t keep good a man down . ”
va	O	A gust of anger upon came me .
te	I	What it is I know not , nor how it will fall .
tr	O	He stopped them before in an ecstasy of admiration .
va	I	The air balls took heavy toll of the morale of the Hans before they were clearly understood by them , and even afterward for that matter .
te	O	He not was wrong in this assumption , as the first experi- ment showed .
tr	O	At the of foot the en- closing rampart many boulders were strewn .
tr	O	The machine stopped and I descended to the ground , as the did white being .
tr	O	And this also explained , in the of view scientists , why it was a thing so difficult to compete with , a thing inimical to human life .
va	I	The pterodactyls seemed to be on good terms with these beasts .
te	O	Also , in about twenty minutes of your time , of several my subordinates will arrive here to report to me .
tr	O	exclaimed Bell , “ what brutes disgusting ! ” “
va	O	The cylinder was at the base of the great air which gun gave the projectile an initial ve- locity of sixteen thousand five hundred feet per second .
te	O	The city had dropped far behind them now , and an- other , another and .
tr	I	Soo still held his breath when they stopped by a door to the outside passageway .
te	O	Once are you made to read the headline , you will probably read the rest of it .
tr	O	Thus the professor picked up the conversation : " A few days ago , I a took trip to Winchester and placed myself under Doctor Mayer 's care .
tr	I	And , of course , I might have been mistaken . "
tr	O	I shall to begin believe in mental telepathy , if you continue , " he laughed . "
tr	I	You must accept it . ”
tr	I	The floor never felt steady and quiet beneath one ’s feet , hut quivered and jarred .
va	I	Yes , I am also familiar with the reasons for your presence .
te	I	We stood up side by side . "
tr	O	We must plan carry to on ! ” “
tr	O	They constitute an experiment never before attempted by science for any purpose , alone let for the purpose I have in mind . “
tr	I	Then ensued one of the queerest walks I ’ve ever taken .
va	I	914 AMAZING STORIES am cracking a silly , pointless joke to the effect that it 's a time machine .
tr	O	So be it , ” Hatteras said . “
tr	I	I would rather be in total darkness than look like this ! ” “
tr	I	And even prouder I was when , in the next years , my work came gradually to link my name with theirs .
tr	I	I wish y«u had taken the trouble to find that out before we came , " T said .
tr	O	Oh , is n’t a that beauty !
te	O	When the first of mile the main tube had cooled , its equipment was rushed along .
tr	O	Upon the morning of third the day we set out to search for a path down to the valley .
tr	O	Yal listened , had but nothing to say .
tr	O	There may be nothing to it , but I suggest that we hunt these four men , including the judge , and also we that investigate the Riccadona .
te	I	He stared at me .
va	I	Only the obvious disadvantages of such a course — the difficulty of discovering food , and the prowling spiders that roamed in the dark- ness — had prevented him .
va	I	Saw the name Phelps on the tag and took a flier on the hunch I had . "
tr	O	stood He there in the hall undecided what to do , and Mrs. Bunting , her face white and intent , crept slowly downstairs after him .
tr	O	Now you boys run home along and sleep .
tr	O	He finally obtained a prom- ise that the suit would be delivered in few a weeks .
tr	I	The rain still poured down and the roar of the tempest could be heard , as it were , far overhead .
tr	I	Oh , is n’t that a beauty !
te	I	I got up presently , walked perhaps half a mile without meet- ing a soul , and then lay down again in the shadow of a hedge .
tr	I	Yes , one can .
tr	O	two Only details beyond what has already been stated seem to bear on the mat- ter .
tr	I	We 've got to get out o ' here .
tr	O	I was standing nearest to the bridge , and as did I this two of the Selenites laid hold of me , and pulled me gently towards it .
tr	I	Bell noticed that the one nearest him was making fillet lace , while the others seemed to be embroidering sundry small articles of apparel .
te	O	Yon may figure to yourself the of hum voices along the road in the gloaming . . . .
tr	O	Soo handed the foundryman the bronze disk which had he taken from the cripple .
tr	O	I would have unhesita- pronounced tingly her dead , had I not seen what had happened to her .
tr	O	In the year 1927 a young German , Heinrich Schmidt , or Smith , landed in America changed and his name .
tr	O	must I make a note of that . "
te	O	Not unless go we deeper . ”
te	I	In a moment Sam was beside me .
tr	O	In a far of recess the cavern my captors bade me halt .
te	O	And those you creatures saw there are really living and enjoying life as you see them .
tr	I	Assuredly he possessed a constitution of iron , splendid health , and warm red blood beneath his sunburned skin .
tr	O	While they ’ve got their nerve there ’s not a you thing can do ; get their nerve — and not a thing can they do .
te	I	My poor old housekeeper was always frightening herself at nothing . "
te	O	I examined the cracks in the raft ; I poked between joints the and beams ; I examined every possible hole and corner .
tr	I	I hope you do n’t object to my using the equipment in your laboratory . ” “
tr	I	Yes , sir , we will do that .
te	O	I not do know , ” she said at last , frankly . “
te	O	To create protoplasm might in itself have been a Herculean task ; but I did allow not my ambition to pause at this point .
tr	I	Suitable clothing has been provided for you and your evening refreshment will be served in an hour .
te	I	I saw a flash of light shoot from the side of the other craft as it jumped . ”
te	O	gt ; Biit what effect can rifle a - hall pro- duce upon the armor scales with which the bodies of these horrid monsters are covered ?
tr	I	Edmund 's eyes shone strangely , but he replied only : " I would do what Archimedes dreamed of . "
tr	I	See Amazing Stories , May issue , p. 148 .
va	O	He has n't got more one than full minute 's start , but there are many white planes in the sky at any hour of the day .
te	I	And we are astonished at the unfriendly reception we have been accorded . " "
tr	O	P EERING the into visiplates , the two men were poised above the immense central cone of the capital city of the Fenachronc .
te	I	With its multitude of aerial roots or trunks set closely together and its heavy foliage , it offered an ideal place of concealment .
te	O	They sank ankle deep into this dust , light and fluffy , almost snow like . “
te	I	While Courtland was philosophizing , the Professor walked around to the rear of the altar .
tr	I	So Peter guided the man ’s rather shaky footsteps to where the faithful old Ford was patiently waiting and helped him in .
te	I	Following the river , the screen moved along the river road toward the south and in our direction .
te	O	You have worked with me , both and here at a distance .
tr	I	Three miles below was a suspension - bridge , across which a train was crawl- ing from the Canadian to the American hank . "
tr	O	Tubby contemptuous was . “
te	I	Bleeding and bruised they reached the panel .
te	O	took I a piece of the garment between my fingers and it shriveled up into fine powder .
tr	O	Wild celebrations took place among the people the of earth .
tr	I	She came to us in answer to an advertise- ment .
tr	I	They do not like to dance with the Shining One , " was Rador 's constant and only reply to my efforts to find the cause .
va	O	Yes , sir , we do will that .
te	I	HI I N bold - type captions appeared the news of Pro- fessor Flinder ’s suicide in the morning newspapers .
tr	O	Somehow , he off got the trail and went crashing through a black- berry thicket .
tr	I	exploded Inspector Craven , " Good Lord , Doctor Jarvis , do you know who Tessie Prettyman is ? " "
va	O	Once , too , I know I slipped , and hung for a few dizzy seconds over what seemed to be a co * 660 STORIES AMAZING lossal drop .
tr	I	This keeps him abroad half the time .
tr	I	Suddenly he dropped the glass and it broke on the stone floor — the second that day .
te	I	I ’ve done my part .
tr	I	Like the skeleton of a long - dead Cyclops it loomed , outlined in the dark .
tr	O	asked she scornfully . “
te	I	The laugh caught me sud- denly like a thing from without .
va	O	We looked at one another with faces awed and Willis spoke in great excitement . “
tr	I	I must make a note of that . "
te	O	It seemed like looking the into very depth of a tropical sea .
te	I	Quite ri - ight .
tr	I	Sup- posing we had succeeded in reaching the southern and distant shores of this extraordinary sea , what would have become of us ?
tr	O	orders My , Marshal Herenye !
va	O	You did not enough drink to gain the full effect .
tr	I	The qualitative analysis is completed * ' Quantitative ' will be finished by this evening .
te	I	The control 's good , " she exclaimed excitedly . "
va	I	If it appeared to vanish , it was merely because it slipped out of sight in the darkness .
tr	O	Thank you very much your for courtesy . ” “
tr	I	He grasped the brass bed post with one hand and stretched out the other to aid the staggering man .
tr	O	I saw huge its buildings , its church towers , its grain elevators .
te	I	This occurred when the deceased , for some unknown reason , attempted to change fuses on a high voltage charged line , with- out first shutting off the current .
te	O	How deep we are .
te	O	A shattering crash rang out at little a distance .
te	O	Oh , up hush ! ”
te	I	Pollock had given an incoherent cry , and had his hands in his hair .
va	I	I wonder how we 're going to get down ? "
te	I	The con- tact sparked a little — at least the current was partially grounded and the operators at the station would notice the diminution in intensity .
va	O	By that all 's good ! "
tr	O	Those few , who succeeded in getting copies , simply shrugged their shoulders in wonderment ; how could a respectable newspaper lower itself by after running cheap sensa- tionalism ?
te	O	Fuel for up a long trip .
tr	I	of the mastj but could make out nothing .
tr	I	There w^as no such thing as damage suits for loss of life or for personal injury .
va	O	Tt bit , ineffectually , at the tyrannosaurus ' heavy hide , with its small , frail teeth , and lashed it at with its heavy tail .
tr	O	Lola then pointed the to sphere on her fifth concentric circle and rapidly marked nine small dots at varying distances from this globe . “
tr	I	During this period our own campaign against the Hans of Nu - Yok was fairly typical of the development of the war throughout the country .
tr	I	Over his long pointed nose was a pair of goggles , which he said he had to wear or he could n’t see nothing .
tr	O	It ai n’t so down cool here either . . . .
te	I	But the wonder was centered not solely in the transparency of the strange material , but in the fact that it gave forth a soft , white light .
tr	I	Illustrated by WESSO ON Sunev , Threa 16 , 4036 , Ruyerem Arsm lay on his death - bed .
va	O	The startled others , tried to leave .
te	I	Well it is over and the experiment was a success , but alas for the revelation !
te	O	CHAPTER IV The World Swept With THE Terror tempest of hail , snow , lightning , and rain , which burst so unexpectedly over .
tr	O	here Come , ” he cried . “
tr	O	When he was gone Sark Ahar took a single perfunc- look tory at the instruments , satisfying himself that they registered nothing of importance .
te	O	Would care you to head that expedition , Roy ? ” “
tr	I	The gas , too much time , careered off to lose itself beyond the sea dilated , bad burst the balloon .
te	I	You know the history of Helium — but come , I will show you ! ”
tr	O	He would give her a scare if she did n’t come with promise a .
tr	I	What if Uncle Sam should decide to build a Television machine after hearing of the wrecking of this plant ? ” “
tr	I	He stole my purse ; I stole his life .
tr	O	Not here five minutes she and ca n’t take her eyes from you .
tr	I	The grip at his throat suddenly relaxed , and with a convulsive effort Kemp loosed himself , grasped a limp shoulder , and rolled uppermost .
tr	O	However , if he were to away be for a month , it would be a waste of opportunity not to use his equip- ment .
tr	O	It was developed out of Uranium the Age .
tr	O	At the mouth of the main shaft here in Logan Square , the special officer in charge agreeably was surprised to see Dr. Murch . "
te	O	Man can not on get with- out the wheel .
te	I	But my most exhaustive tests with Manabinite prove that reversing the prism , or even the lens from the material , will not project a reduced image . “
tr	I	In contrast to the glaring confusion outside , it was cool and quiet inside the ship .
tr	O	They burn powdered coal , by the ignition compression method .
tr	O	Suddenly a smooth , sandy plain was murkily revealed below , and I was able to level the ship off enough a for safe landing .
te	I	When the men reentered the tent , Standifer still smiled as if he enjoyed some immunity from their mystification and nervousness . “
va	O	We ’d have anyway come , warning or no w'arning . ”
te	O	The head and dart sank down into the ooze heavy at the bottom of the sea perhaps a thousand feet and was fossilized .
tr	O	While examining the earth carefully he went over his theory of the cause for catastrophe the .
tr	I	I ran there as fast as I could .
te	I	Soon Rador shall come for you .
te	O	And was she not a vessel launched into the sea aerial ?
te	O	It would be that installed night , but now they felt that a rest and a meal were due them .
va	O	Now go ahead and fire on us and do n't taunt us any longer our in helplessness . " "
tr	O	I had to tell him what letters the were and how they made words ; how words made sentences .
va	O	AGAIN Morey and Arcot were looking the at great ■ Jersey aerodrome , out on the great fields that had been broad marshes centuries before .
tr	O	The smiled professor . “
tr	I	The tired and discouraged delegates were ready to welcome aid from almost any source .
te	I	He stopped before them in an ecstasy of admiration .
te	O	The constabulary got him ; he had the stones , and though he 'd got them all before the new law was put on into the he gaol went .
te	O	I ’m afraid she ’ll never forgive you that for headache you ’ve given her .
te	I	Each message was worded differently from the rest , a harmless appearing business communication .
tr	O	Wherefore , if there are no such things as fish , birds , insects , what kind of life is there on world this ?
tr	I	And — here was the difficult part — he must admit that he was himself to some extent troubled about it .
te	I	No provision whatever was made for the food supply of the fifty thousand American laborers who landed within the first three weeks .
te	I	Straight ahead rose the precipitous mountain side above the quarry .
tr	I	Had the Manabis diminished in size until they had become invisible to the naked eye ?
tr	O	May I impose your upon friendship to do me this last favor ?
te	I	We can make a blaze in that fireplace and be comfy .
tr	I	But I feel that I have failed .
te	O	I there ran as fast as I could .
tr	I	He had not emitted a single sound when he plunged into the hole .
tr	O	And prouder even I was when , in the next years , my work came gradually to link my name with theirs .
tr	O	I nodded , recalling the interesting discussion that Jim had hurled at me after right that lecture . “
tr	O	I — it doubt !
te	I	At any rate , the voice , though far away , was clear , and it certainly was beautiful .
te	I	POLLOCK AND THE PORROH MAN By H. G. Wells { Continued from page 1077 ) doubt at his heart .
tr	O	Yes , can one .
tr	O	And you must mind not my use of your given name .
te	O	Na- tives who profess to have this seen awful creature say it is taller and bigger than a tree and has a thousand snaky heads .
tr	O	Fairy princesses and adventures in lands distant occupied his inmost thoughts .
tr	O	In the case of the woman it was bodily contact which frightened her , and , in the other case , the that fact the money vanished .
te	O	How absolutely is a mystery .
te	I	Now you boys run along home and sleep .
tr	O	lump A came into my throat — for her sake rather than for mine .
te	O	My fell glance to the I'ill he held in his hand . “
va	O	It been had compressed and polished until it was , I be- lieve , the nearest approach to a true plane surface that has ever been achieved .
tr	O	Of course , I have should known that .
te	I	THE FIRST MEN IN THE MOON 927 " Do they want us to imitate those sounds ? "
te	O	ca You n't come in !
te	I	We had a hundred - man flyer at our service , but if we turned on power to run it , we mobilized every war- ship in Kau .
te	O	he said aloud , and if she did not understand his she words knew well his meaning .
tr	I	This ray has the effect of disintegrating and dispersing any body of matter inside of which a time traveler may materialize .
te	I	I shall begin to believe in mental telepathy , if you continue , " he laughed . "
tr	I	He called my attention as he turned his dials to zero , and looked into the instrument .
te	I	The newspaper accounts were elaborations of his own theory of an attack by the missionary ’s dissipated son on his wife and her shooting him in self - defense .
tr	O	But I 've put stuff some into you now .
tr	O	Sure he did ; but he is intelligent enough make to allowances , the same as we are doing .
tr	O	Our is earth conscious .
tr	I	Yes , the installation of ray towers will require a huge capital ; but it will pay .
tr	I	You were married in Ulm to Awlo , daughter of Kalu Sibama .
tr	I	A message had come from above — a message from Minott !
tr	I	Huge question marks danced before my eyes , wove themselves into intricate de- signs and grotesque figures .
va	O	the unity of all the sciences , ” the old man with ragged the coat was saying . “
tr	O	We THE RETURN OF THE MARTIANS 79 were handed over to this newcomer with the advice that we were go to to the official welcome .
tr	I	Others had arrived from the south .
te	O	The walls of the pit beneath us were of gleaming , silvery looking metal , and winding around up them was a railed metal stairway .
tr	I	Soo Yong stopped before the table , bowing low , waiting for Chang Lin to speak .
tr	I	At the mouth of the main shaft here in Logan Square , the special officer in charge was agreeably surprised to see Dr. Murch . "
tr	I	I fully expected to see Priestley defy him at any cost .
tr	O	The fifth cylinder , ” I whispered , “ the fifth shot from Mars , has struck this house and buried us under ruins the ! ”
tr	I	Mr. Branower thought of him first , of course , and could have answered in two seconds .
tr	I	We ’d have come anyway , warning or no w'arning . ”
te	I	The Extraction of the ' Metal is an- tJttsorvable Mystery NOTWITHSTANDING the failure 6f .
tr	O	A cry of terror escaped all lips , there and was a general rush to the other side .
tr	O	I am , too , ” said Roy , “ and I also think that we ought see to this thing through . ” “
tr	O	I across cried the wind , “ you are beautiful ! ”
tr	I	To our surprise they paid no attention to the watchman .
tr	O	In that I your understand viewpoint thoroughly .
tr	O	Others were too near the sun for us to ever inhabit them , who had evolved on dim the , cool world of Neptune , the outermost world .
tr	I	Now , if that calc , is right , and I know it is , do you see how narrow the permissible limits of shifting are ?
tr	I	Then I twist the ring to the left and am at once in touch with a lieutenant under me who transmits my orders to any section I may designate .
tr	I	he said , suddenly .
tr	I	But we are going up — going up , still going up .
tr	I	I have searched all over town and they just laugh at me when I start talking to them . ” “
tr	I	You must puzzle and — and be damned to you ! ”
tr	I	It ’s a public domain and I reckon a man can prospect where he pleases .
te	O	A score of corus¬ tentacles cating swept straight upon the pair who stood intrepid , unresisting awaiting its embrace .
tr	I	Those few , who succeeded in getting copies , simply shrugged their shoulders in wonderment ; how could a respectable newspaper lower itself by running after cheap sensa- tionalism ?
tr	O	No , ” agreed soberly Ameena . “
te	I	Tried a fantas- tic experiment — nothing more .
tr	O	In a momentary flash of memory bitter , the boy recalled her words — ' And you , Gnostes — now you must carry on . ’
te	I	He wondered what his an- tagonist was doing .
tr	O	No more small till stuff after next November .
va	I	If size counted for anything , surely this was an important machine , kept well back of the line to avoid that first shock of on¬ slaught .
te	O	At length , however , I reasoned way my partly out of the difficulty .
te	I	Rosonoff glanced at the clock and pulled from his pocket a pencil and some paper .
tr	I	Joslyn lifted a stiletto letter - opener from the desk and tried to separate , so as to read , the car- bonized ashes left in the tray .
te	O	So I concentrate atomic the power just as I choose .
tr	I	While they ’ve got their nerve there ’s not a thing you can do ; get their nerve — and not a thing can they do .
te	I	Beyond his sug- gestion that probably Mr. Bessel would come back presently and explain what had happened , their con- versation was unable to proceed . “
tr	O	In- stead , machine the would be manually driven .
va	O	Let me think — me let think . "
te	O	the hesitated man . “
va	O	may I add they never leave him . ”
tr	I	Sir Oliver lost a beloved son .
te	I	A figure of average height was slowly sauntering down the country lane just out- side of the city limits .
tr	I	The quitting - whistle ’s going to blow in five minutes , and they do n’t like overtime work here where we are .
tr	I	My orders , Marshal Herenye !
tr	O	Now , I 'm a physicist , and can not af- to ford waste much time in gratifying idle curiosity .
tr	I	CHAPTER VII The Waters Begin to Eise COSMO VERSAL bad begun the construction of his ark in the latter part of June .
va	I	I offer these introductory remarks because I want it understood that this is being told from a layman 's viewpoint — from a disinterested layman 's viewpoint .
tr	O	The rose - light died ; that all immense chamber was black , save for the circle of glowing spheres .
tr	I	Because 7 found ’em — Lord!—it ’s nearly twenty years ago .
tr	O	The building had vanished completely smashed , pulverized and dis- by persed the blow .
te	O	Perhaps you ’ll change your mind I when charge you with the murder of Sidney Steele .
te	O	I took it up with the Chief himself , after just it happened last night .
va	I	Wallace lay face downward in a pool of blood while his companion stood with blanched face and elevated hands .
tr	I	your own heart come first . ” ‘ ‘
va	O	The qualitative analysis is completed * ' Quantitative ' will finished be by this evening .
te	I	My gratitude to you two , dear Visinia , knows no bounds .
tr	I	Mrs. Chandler laughed indulgently . “
va	I	Traces of civilized life had been found upon nearly a hundred planets , ” Thon put in , for Dick ’s benefit . “
va	O	The effect on the pop- ulation been has electric .
te	O	He crept on down the corridor to come presently a to small room .
te	O	Illustrated by WESSO ON Sunev , Threa 16 , 4036 , Ruyerem Arsm on lay his death - bed .
te	I	When we were separated three weeks ago , I was left in the cell , " replied Jane . "
tr	I	The image of the liner seemed to swim closer , until they could plainly see the ragged hole torn in the white metal plates .
tr	I	Then she began her horizontal maneuvering .
tr	O	He spoke like one who was trying to keep hold of an idea eluded that him . “
te	I	I must come under that roof of rock and stone and darkness , that horrible roof under which your imagination stoops . ...
tr	I	Stod- dard regarded him in heavy - lidded silence before reply- ing , then said : " I 'll give you a try - out .
va	I	However , if he were to be away for a month , it would be a waste of opportunity not to use his equip- ment .
tr	I	The cylinder was at the base of the great air gun which gave the projectile an initial ve- locity of sixteen thousand five hundred feet per second .
tr	O	Brother Mariston , ” Nahum said ap- provingly . “
tr	I	And suddenly the open mouth of the tunnel down below there , shut like an eye and vanished out of sight .
tr	O	A replied silence to his question . "
tr	I	Going up the steps , he saw that a small hole had been cut through the oak flooring .
tr	I	he exclaimed , pointing to a faint outline that broke the monotony of the circle that divided the plain from the sky .
te	O	The despair of Mr. Marvel ’s face deepened , his and pace slackened . “
tr	O	The folk Swine followed , squealing with excitement , and the two Bull - men in their swathingg of white .
te	O	He approached the workbench whereon reposed the bulkiest microscope Mason ever had seen .
te	I	We have sworn , but perhaps some day even oaths will not hold us .
te	I	Let me think — let me think . "
te	I	Fuel up for a long trip .
tr	I	We are getting into the inhabited region , " said Edmund . "
tr	I	As you say , ma’am ! ’
tr	I	We were boys together .
te	I	An inner valve < was opened , and Red Rover slipped into the City of Space .
tr	O	Then she had go to to a beauty specialist and get some more skin grafted on .
tr	I	I examined the cracks in the raft ; I poked between the joints and beams ; I examined every possible hole and corner .
te	I	Thus far the idea is simple enough , though technically difficult .
te	I	So be it , ” said Hatteras . “
tr	O	He know much about strength and of weakness all nations up there .
te	I	That sure was ' funny that time , oh , oh , oh , oh .
te	O	It only can be obtained in the metallic form by a special process .
tr	O	The of unit measure is the earth ’s distance from the sun , which was set at ten .
tr	I	Our heat ray is considerably more powerful , I imagine .
tr	I	He was a man of quick decision , and equally quick action .
te	I	In his physical form , ” said the professor , “ what does he look like ? ”
tr	I	We did so , but now at a whi.s- pered w - ord from Ross , Professor van de Gould took the lead .
tr	O	There bombers are , scouts and observation two - seaters in the bunch .
te	I	Nothing further of interest transpired that night .
tr	O	It was a typical guardroom such as are found in all and nations at all times .
tr	I	He spoke like one who was trying to keep hold of an idea that eluded him . “
tr	O	With his clammy , misshapen hands he gripped ours in the way he had learned , parting with us gravely , quietly , one one by .
te	I	With the new finders for the radio screens , cities were now invulnerable — as long as the Power Planet swam in space .
tr	I	The bark has been used for various purposes in pharmacy .
tr	I	At last I found one who knew you in the place they call Beatty and he got them for me .
tr	I	But I 've put some stuff into you now .
te	O	Frycollin , the valet , was forward quartered in a cabin adjoining that of the cook .
tr	I	How deep are we .
tr	O	And I could n't lower get than 5,000 feet .
te	I	It ’s cruel , I know .
tr	O	Now , to show my faith in you , I have sold this property to you , an through agent .
va	O	I hope you do n’t object to using my the equipment in your laboratory . ” “
tr	O	A minute ago there was just a blur , far as as I could see . ” “
tr	I	He crept on down the corridor to come presently to a small room .
tr	O	His experience had taught him how to keep a head level in an emergency , and how to control panics .
tr	I	Ellen had been headed the way of the telescope , but only to an infinitesimal degree .
te	I	With hope graduall } returning , I reached for the joystick .
te	I	On his desk there reposed an instrument comprising a disc of silvery gray metal , framed in darker gray , and mounted vertically upon a base of similar material .
tr	I	Well , who the dickens are you and where are we ? ”
te	O	He could only picture him- self , dimly , stabbing something that food was with this death - dealing thing .
va	O	some For time I could not recollect what had hap- pened .
tr	I	It ’s a fact .
tr	I	The other hastened to speak . "
tr	I	Finally , when the combatants were exhausted and al- most defenseless , we stepped in with an army of twenty million .
tr	O	There was a sudden forward surge , the and blue line of policemen vanished , as if by magic .
tr	O	of One the pas- sengers came hurrying up . “
tr	O	There could be mistake no . "
tr	O	My mind kept me telling that we had brought to light a discovery that had every other one in the world dimmed for its importance .
te	I	That is obvious when you stop to think of it .
te	I	She was weak from the effects of the blow she had received .
tr	O	plan Our has failed .
tr	I	Even those less devoted to science will enjoy this romance of the electronic world .
te	I	She resembles the father but she has her mother ’s eyes . ’
tr	O	The image of the huge , big - headed creature fled from the screen ; and in place its other images appeared .
tr	O	In front of me the road be- came pitchy black as though it were tarred , and I a saw contorted shape lying across the pathway .
te	I	It was a short piece of metal rod that he had used to open the Cask .
tr	I	Talk about fishers of men — lighters of fish it is this time ! " "
te	I	If she is able to stand out against marrying Bindon , she will probably stand out against being hypnotised . "
tr	I	326 AMAZING STORIES not robots officiate at cornerstone layings ; proxied for speakers at banquets and commencement - day exercises ; test !
tr	I	Our first message has n’t gone half way yet .
tr	O	Think of what good these people can do for world our .
tr	O	A few mountaineers have climbed it ; but they report that it has no outlook the commanding crater of the Great Eyrie . " "
tr	I	He know much about strength and weakness of all nations up there .
va	I	Thank you very much for your courtesy . ” “
tr	O	must He have been sadly overrated .
va	I	He bent over and spoke in a low voice to thegi - ay - haired man , who moved away . "
te	O	You seem very fond belittling of our abilities .
te	O	My old poor housekeeper was always frightening herself at nothing . "
tr	O	He had not emitted a single sound when he plunged into hole the .
tr	I	Back in his home town , a certain young man , Cal Porter , son of a prominent manufacturer , was a star player on the college team .
va	I	The unit of measure is the earth ’s distance from the sun , which was set at ten .
va	O	I reasoned that perhaps my of mode dress was dis- tasteful to them .
tr	O	night The had grown close and oppressive .
tr	O	you Do see anyone , Ben Zoof ? "
te	O	Charles H. who Austin sighted them .
tr	O	I have been nearly crazy thinking how I could help this distracted country retain fast its ebbing life .
te	O	Its funereal , oppressive as- pect him smote suddenly with the chill of a terrible loneliness .
tr	O	We have been guided , protected , spared — for purpose a . ” “
tr	I	In the center was a small hillock or tumulus surmounted by a scorched haw- thorn .
tr	O	it could . . . ? "
tr	I	More than once despair crept over the brave little band , hardy as they were , and used to polar sufferings .
tr	O	We found several great , power - driven drawn conveyances up beside an empty enclosure .
te	O	Then I rushed past him my whirling crowbars , and shout- ing to confound the aim of the Selenite .
va	O	Supposing that the event had been nothing but hallucination an ?
te	I	Easy , " said Nankivell , " get your back to it , Bob . " "
tr	O	Here ’s some evidence more . “
te	O	All population its had moved to the other worlds .
te	O	Bill , man , have ever you seen the like ?
tr	I	Up the stairway we raced , as though the police were alter us .
te	O	The went two back through the heavy door .
tr	O	A later school oj Something must have and thiyntirely they maintai , . , . ,
tr	O	No journal — many and would have paid high for the opportunity — ^was printing the news . /
te	I	Much wood remained unconsumed , charred over , as if some gigantic extinguisher had in the night been lowered over it . "
tr	O	One point has not been brought clearly out in any popular writings that I have seen .
tr	O	One evening Rollins Gleason faced . "
tr	I	Tt bit , ineffectually , at the tyrannosaurus ' heavy hide , with its small , frail teeth , and lashed at it with its heavy tail .
tr	O	Far below us , several and miles to the right and left , the two barrage lines made their appearance .
va	I	A gust of anger came upon me .
tr	O	directing the cylinder its on rush out from Neptune , toward its moon .
tr	I	Well , " I said , " there can be no doubt now as to what we have to do .
te	I	All bankers are chivalrous .
te	I	A score of corus¬ cating tentacles swept straight upon the pair who stood intrepid , unresisting awaiting its embrace .
te	O	Through the thick windows the of little conning - tower I watched the monsters flying above us .
te	O	Nature slaps people who flout her that way , and Wimble no was exception to the rule .
tr	I	I do not know , ” she said at last , frankly . “
tr	I	VANDALS FROM THE MOON 307 hurrying hither and thither on their merciless errands of destruction .
tr	O	So Peter guided the man ’s rather shaky footsteps to where the faithful old Ford was patiently and waiting helped him in .
tr	I	They were hours in which there was no change .
tr	O	For a moment Denton stood white and wild - eyed ; then came a terrible faintness , and he sat before of one the little tables .
tr	O	You are n’t it glad happened , are you ? ” “
tr	I	Here ’s his feet a - showing ! ”
tr	I	And at the end of the scale beyond the short wave lengths there may be countless gradations of shorter and shorter lengths . "
te	I	It seemed like looking into the very depth of a tropical sea .
tr	I	We must plan to carry on ! ” “
tr	O	him Get out of the road , ” said he ; and , clutching the man ’s collar with his free hand , my brother lug- ged him sideways .
tr	I	Tubby asked , when they had all three recovered calmness .
tr	O	Fancy carv- ing or were ornamentations wholly absent .
tr	I	Good , " said my uncle , with a very positive air of conviction , " we are not in Germany . "
tr	I	They arranged themselves in a mighty cone as they came nearer Venus .
tr	O	He bent over and spoke in a low voice to thegi - ay - man haired , who moved away . "
va	O	They are friendly , ’ interpreted Lomen , ‘ they say for to us get under cover and are motioning to the left . ’ “
tr	O	You were never al- luded to the during evening , nor , so far as I was concerned , even thought of .
tr	I	How did you find these things ? ”
tr	I	All this had happened with such swiftness that I had stood motionless , dumfounded and dazzled by the flashes of light .
te	O	Welt , this fluid of his was of such a subtle nature it that neutralized and balked only the waves which were caused by the ring of metal .
tr	O	Again I saw the view panoramic of the valley and mountains .
tr	O	I 've always considered the fourth di- mension mathematical a ab- straction . " "
tr	I	He lighted a cigarette and sat at ease , as though in his own study , his brow wrinkled in thought as he made calculations in his notebook .
te	I	But why do you carry it on your shoulders ?
tr	O	Sir lost Oliver a beloved son .
tr	I	That was a strong brute , " he said . "
tr	O	that See object out there !
tr	I	As to keeping warm , we have electric heating coils , run by the practically inexhaust- ible power of a small metal bar .
tr	O	eyes My are so bad I could n’t study it closely , but I read enough to make my reason totter .
tr	O	What parts of globe the would the substitution endanger ?
te	O	leaped Larry to Lakla ’s side . “
tr	I	What we desire is a guarantee of safety .
tr	I	I am , too , ” said Roy , “ and I also think that we ought to see this thing through . ” “
tr	I	This same duty , he told himself , demanded that he take every advantage of her confidence .
tr	O	Many were the theories and conjectures ex- pounded and debated the in attempt to solve the puzzle .
tr	O	Have made you any recently ? ” “
te	I	They are friendly , ’ interpreted Lomen , ‘ they say for us to get under cover and are motioning to the left . ’ “
te	O	This just was what the platinum pirate had done .
va	O	The ashen - gold the of maiden priestesses ' hair was wound about their brows in shining coronals .
tr	I	There was no possible way for me to get word to them .
tr	O	I SHALL describe a little of visit our to this , however , for here we learned much of interest .
va	O	higli Ancient priests clever biologists and chemists .
tr	O	It the was chemistry and physics lab .
tr	I	It must be populated by intelligent beings not unlike themselves !
te	O	I only know that two of the dimensions coincided that at point .
tr	I	I have just brains enough to realize that neither I nor any other man of my race should have it .
tr	O	Of course I could not even begin to carry all these with things me on the sphere because there is not enough room .
te	I	Again he tottered , clutched for support .
tr	I	What parts of the globe would the substitution endanger ?
tr	O	I ’m worried not , really . . ,
tr	I	Now , unless some¬ thing interrupts us again , we ’ll run up our radio tower and give Brandon the long yell . ” “
tr	I	Na- tives who profess to have seen this awful creature say it is taller and bigger than a tree and has a thousand snaky heads .
tr	O	During this period our own campaign against the of Hans Nu - Yok was fairly typical of the development of the war throughout the country .
tr	O	It is deliberately waiting to lure on us to destruc- tion , ” was the pilot ’s verdict . “
tr	O	Lulled by the chemist ’s voice droning , they soon fell into a profound sleep .
va	I	This creature knew not the meaning of fellowship or friendship , and would betray either to gain his own ends .
te	I	asked the Kilowatt King .
tr	O	Three - dimensional leaves in four a - dimensional book . "
tr	I	I hastened to lay my idea before Kalu and the council .
tr	I	The Earth 's four- footed creatures alone have escaped the effects of the green vapor .
tr	O	owe We a debt to him and to you that we can never repay ; all we can do is thank you .
va	I	How ’s that for filial ingratitude ?
tr	I	He therefore decided to avoid if possible following that line of thought .
tr	I	I reasoned that perhaps my mode of dress was dis- tasteful to them .
tr	O	Then I hate to see such a man abandoned Garo to Nark . ”
te	O	Where — where she has gone ? ”
tr	I	I saw its huge buildings , its church towers , its grain elevators .
tr	O	The hastened other to speak . "
te	O	Something goes on here — something rotten in the state of Denmark , right all .
tr	O	Some tumbled to destruc- THE LUNAR CHRYSALIS 537 tion from the summits of jagged ridges , and thousands of died hunger and thirst .
tr	I	I had to tell him what the letters were and how they made words ; how words made sentences .
tr	O	He what wondered his an- tagonist was doing .
tr	I	Following these came a long line of slaves carrying trays , baskets and jars of food and drink , and a great quantity of golden utensils .
te	I	It crashed to a climax and stopped .
te	I	Must have been too strong .
tr	I	Then I came upon the creature squatting up in a tree and gibber- ing at two of the Kanakas who had been teasing him .
te	O	THE And CHAMBER OF LIFE 639 cars rolling by , pausing at the cross streets with little squealings of brakes .
va	O	It had been known that X - Rays penetrated metal by setting molecules the in rapid oscillation in step with themselves , then passing readily through the vibrating molecules .
te	O	Then began she her horizontal maneuvering .
tr	I	I SHALL describe a little of our visit to this , however , for here we learned much of interest .
tr	O	Carefully he them weighed against each other .
te	I	Doctor , I ’m no gorilla bke you are .
tr	I	It was a typical guardroom such as are found in all nations and at all times .
tr	O	A S practiced by the white race combine , were politics ■ peculiar .
tr	I	Miller wheeled like a panther ; more speedily than I thought possible for a man of his size .
tr	O	here Only , the features were slashed out with a gigantism that dwarfed our western canyons and buttes .
te	I	The fifth cylinder , ” I whispered , “ the fifth shot from Mars , has struck this house and buried us under the ruins ! ”
tr	I	And those creatures you saw there are really living and enjoying life as you see them .
tr	I	Huldricksson turned his head toward him . “
te	I	He would not get out of the way . " "
tr	I	They are numbered , though none can tell the number . "
tr	O	It was from Griffin of the “ Coast West Herald , ” at Antofagasta , asking informa- tion of Bixby , and imparting more news . “
tr	O	Pretty women iiushed and glittering , heard the news told jestingly be- tween daiices , and feigned an intelligent they interest did not feel . "
tr	O	as Even he looked they all disappeared in this median hole .
tr	I	Yon may figure to yourself the hum of voices along the road in the gloaming . . . .
te	I	In the year 1927 a young German , Heinrich Schmidt , or Smith , landed in America and changed his name .
tr	O	It ’s the drink , ” lips his repeated noiselessly .
tr	I	Of course I could not even begin to carry all these things with me on the sphere because there is not enough room .
tr	O	was It expected that the colleagues would take their places at the desk .
va	O	were They hours in which there was no change .
tr	O	I had no from escape it .
te	I	1 sensed something dire and dreadful under it all . “
te	O	Wonderful , my boy I ” breathed he . “
tr	O	On the city - state borderland , life is constantly imperiled the by attacks of well organized bodies of our dreaded foe . (
tr	I	But it did not come .
te	O	Then a bit of commotion , and another voice said , “ The Journal covers the South the like dew . ”
va	I	Attention , " commanded the Voice through " Slim . " "
tr	O	Yes , exchange about ideas things we are interested in — the way we live , our hopes , ambitions . ”
tr	O	As I stopped a moment to regard this , my hostess turned about say- ing , " I am just going to take look another at the sidehill .
tr	O	But of neither them was happy .
tr	I	The sky was now one complete ball of flame .
te	I	The patient ani- mals were still occupying their old position , prowling up and down and growling .
tr	I	Even their lips were as bright a blue as man ’s lips are red .
tr	I	He had known and played with Elsie since she came to the veld at the age of ten when both her father and mother died .
tr	I	The two girls were of the same age and almost grew up together , as we were living next door to each other .
te	O	The transmitter is the on roof of this building ! ’
tr	I	In other words , space , as we know it , permits objects to move in three dimensions or combinations of the same .
va	I	I could not help letting a groan escape me . “
te	I	We found several great , power - driven conveyances drawn up beside an empty enclosure .
va	I	As we approached this object , I halted in my tracks with gaping mouth and staring , incredulous eyes .
tr	O	We have to hurry if we want to do anything before he night reaches !
tr	O	No one had any reason to complain it of , except the ptarmi- gans and the hares , and the hunters positively allowed them no rest .
tr	I	Although the people of Venus were about a thousand years behind us in many respects , they have made wonderful progress with radio and tele- vision .
tr	O	What if Uncle Sam should decide to build a machine Television after hearing of the wrecking of this plant ? ” “
va	I	The wheel was not damaged .
tr	O	Owing to the fact that I could not eat the flesh tire of anlos , I often went hunting for sheep or caribou .
tr	I	Frycollin , the valet , was quartered forward in a cabin adjoining that of the cook .
tr	I	What kind of beings lurked behind it all , waiting for them ?
tr	I	Even as he looked they all disappeared in this median hole .
te	I	They had just received news of the loss of the city of Youngstown when the videophone again spoke .
tr	I	The river disappeared beneath a mountain .
va	I	This is just where you saw the boat twice before ? ” “
te	I	I have found nothing new ; I have only applied old and well known discoveries to a practical and useful purpose . "
te	I	When he was gone Sark Ahar took a single perfunc- tory look at the instruments , satisfying himself that they registered nothing of importance .
tr	O	She now saw , after thirteen years of grad- increasing ually disappoint- ment , that her husband -•. : . '
tr	O	Again he tottered , for clutched support .
tr	O	she said Larry to .
tr	O	I yon assure , count , I have never left the place . " "
te	O	That ’s a relief wonderful , Doctor ! ”
te	O	How did you happen to be in the jungle with the after Mena you when I found you . ” “
tr	O	Besides , I know the money has well been spent . ”
te	I	Other half - animal faces glared interrogation out of the hovels .
tr	I	Carefully he weighed them against each other .
tr	O	But why attach the to machine an airplane ? "
tr	O	320 AMAZING STORIES As an inventor Mr. had Fosdick achieved great success .
tr	I	That was left to my companion .
te	O	There was as ex- plosion and the that instrument had been on the table flew to pieces .
tr	O	They did not know he had overheard , and he not did want to break up the occasion .
tr	I	I must also add that he had tried in vain to analyze the green material .
tr	O	And , of course , might I have been mistaken . "
te	I	The Power Planet spun ceaselessly in space , in the lonely orbit which men contrived for it . “
va	I	The chief was evidently expecting a call , for he had STORIES just left the dinner - table and was entering the study when the phone buzzed . “
te	I	Your order shall be obeyed , " replied Tubal with a deep bow and a familiar sign . "
tr	O	rushed We in to fmd Captain Judson bending over the collision guide . "
tr	I	He herded us out of the door and slammed it to behind us .
te	O	But the wonder was centered not solely in the of transparency the strange material , but in the fact that it gave forth a soft , white light .
tr	I	The currents are troubled !
tr	O	They had just received news the of loss of the city of Youngstown when the videophone again spoke .
te	I	In that I understand your viewpoint thoroughly .
tr	O	have We rarely printed a story in this magazine that for scientific interest , as well as suspense , could hold its ozun with this particular story .
tr	O	326 AMAZING STORIES not robots officiate cornerstone at layings ; proxied for speakers at banquets and commencement - day exercises ; test !
tr	I	You will make a wonderful Mother , ” replied her husband , with a far - a - way look in his sad eyes .
te	O	Jeremiah Uncle ’s countenance was in line with that angle .
tr	O	Genius is often so ; it i3 a strange fact that many of the of greatest men have been denied by their follows .
tr	I	I assure yon , count , I have never left the place . " "
tr	I	It is an as- tonishing thing how few weapons there are nowa- days .
tr	O	else Nothing but . ”
te	O	The remained Professor with him for some time , still feeling rather conscience - stricken . "
tr	I	Not a place to hide in . ”
te	I	It was from Griffin of the “ West Coast Herald , ” at Antofagasta , asking informa- tion of Bixby , and imparting more news . “
tr	O	That , my friend , has the been case with you .
tr	I	asked the President . “
tr	I	In California , extensive experiments have been made to produce rain by sending electrically - charged kites or bal- loons aloft .
tr	O	It seemed odd to be a eating creature that should , by all the laws of paleonto- logy , have been extinct for serveral million years .
tr	O	the At first glance we saw that still another change had taken place .
tr	O	There is not you much have n't thought of , is there ? "
tr	O	morning The ’s paper lay carelessly opened and thrown aside .
tr	O	Seeing that we have all the time in the world , ’ said John , ‘ I we think might find out how big that cave is . ’ “
te	I	With perfect ease he used our idioms and slang expressions , and never seemed at a loss for a word .
te	O	off Called ? ” “
te	I	It is true , here and there , in this part of the world and that , poverty reared its ugly head .
tr	I	They ca n’t be that dangerous . ”
tr	O	Yes , I am familiar also with the reasons for your presence .
te	O	Van Tom Swagger was now listening in on an ice- hockey game broadcast from St. Moritz .
te	O	He a was man of quick decision , and equally quick action .
te	O	they a were sombre purple in the north and east , stream- ing up to ragged edges at the zenith " .
tr	O	Again he described with a motion of his hands , the size of the beasts pointed and at my injured leg .
tr	I	Bill had seen the Prince push her away , then thank her gruffly when he had found what she had done . "
tr	I	Many were the theories and conjectures ex- pounded and debated in the attempt to solve the puzzle .
te	I	The bottles there , ” he whispered , “ Mix — , make injection . ”
te	O	Of course have you n’t !
tr	I	We prepared supper , ate and talked a little , but for the most part were silent .
va	O	Doc had likewise done .
te	I	It had been known that X - Rays penetrated metal by setting the molecules in rapid oscillation in step with themselves , then passing readily through the vibrating molecules .
te	O	But why do you carry on it your shoulders ?
te	O	The country at last began to slope gently down to a pleasant river - valley ; and presently neared we the capital .
va	O	INTO THE GREEN PRISM 1073 to determine its way of manufacture by analysis , he would find it impossible absolutely .
tr	I	Well , presently dey go back ; dey say , ' The ants ' ave gone . ' . . .
tr	O	Directly me below they swarmed in a great eddying mass , like a silent whirlpool .
tr	O	Your absence from New has York caused us much inconvenience in the last two days .
tr	I	Do yon know what percentage of aviation accidents and fatalities have never been explained ? "
tr	O	You puzzle must and — and be damned to you ! ”
te	O	America breathed again , South Africa in was process of re- construction by the whites .
tr	O	It ’s a public domain and reckon I a man can prospect where he pleases .
tr	I	The Professor ( in answer to the Doctor ) : Yes .
te	O	Loama pleaded with me , too , her lack of words more than re- placed by the eloquence of eyes her .
te	O	the asked President . “
tr	O	The moment I opened mj eyes , felt I that some- thing had happened .
va	I	With all the quickness of light a spiral of the Shining One stretched out and encircled her .
tr	I	Well , everything you see is hallucinatory . ” “
va	I	However , that is immaterial . ...
tr	O	pulse The machine in operation was simple .
tr	O	those Even less devoted to science will enjoy this romance of the electronic world .
