tr	O	Leaves no trace that is discernible to the naked eye and that no such theory was ad- vanced was doubtless due to the fact that this new ray, discovered by Mr. Henderson, acts only upon the brain.
tr	I	Forgotten were her early presentiments of evil, and she had to smile at herself for ever having entertained them.
tr	O	Later losing consciousness and and how I had passed rap- idly from one stratum of cloudland to another, finally entering the twilight zone, crashing into some unseen object.
tr	I	A few chairs, a table, and a cot completed the furnishings.
tr	O	Then returned to his visitor and rushing over to the door he locked it.
tr	I	This person also marked the date on his calendar and then burned the letter.
tr	I	I recognized the type of them at a glance, and when Rita pointed to a name plate on the corner of the burn- ing building, we knew where we were.
tr	I	Then Fleckner jumped to his feet and shouted : "The Treasure of Tantalus at last!"
tr	O	From the television reports we were constantly receiving, we judged that the American and Allied Caucasian forces were more than holding their own and on the whole, however, from our own observation of the local front.
tr	O	Closed the massive door and “yes, I was afraid to risk a shot — it would give the whole thing away,” Seaton replied, as he threw the unconscious guards out into the grounds.
tr	O	Slips up in some way that lets the astute investigator find his trail or accord- ing to the story books the criminal always leaves some clue, always forgets something.
tr	I	That afternoon roses came for Anise, and with them a Spanish shawl, black, with such red roses as never grew in Andulasia.
tr	I	They saw the dog’s teeth had slipped the hand, heard a kick, saw the dog execute a flanking jump and get home on the stranger’s leg, and heard the rip of his trousering.
tr	I	I have been studying electricity, and another trip would be worth while, if only to learn the secret of the powerful and compact storage battery in the miner’s box ; this much I am certain of.
tr	I	I had not known he was there and had come for a book I had left behind.
tr	I	So, rather regretfully, he picked up the unsus- pecting rabbit, and with the utmost care and pre- cision, he thrust a slender-bladed scalpel into the base of the creature’s brain.
tr	I	He would do it himself, and I don’t think he would have blown himself up.
tr	O	Had seen me remove my coat, and while I slept had seized it and he had watched me narrowly, perhaps had kept his eyes upon me through some hidden peep-hole or opening.
tr	I	This thing has a natural explanation, and I'm going to find it."
tr	I	“We are eight hundred feet under- ground and since all lighting must obviously be artificial, why should there be windows?”
tr	I	Then the dark tunnel vanished, and it seemed that they could see into another room, just beyond the wall.
tr	O	Thus found our way to your domains, that we would not have been received in as friendly a vray as we were and prince, that if we had stum- bled accMentally upon the Column to the Sun.
tr	O	What could be thought on board the destroyers but that the “Terror” had been en- gulfed in the abyss of the cataract and at that moment, night was closing in.
tr	O	Larry hastened to be sure of Una and tHE die was cast.
tr	O	Hence it is not surprising that salt was not the desired material and but this is not fiction.
tr	I	The hall was jammed to the doors, and a full hour was needed to restore order after the thunderous applause was started that greeted the appearance of Philip and Kirk.
tr	I	We were allowed to stand, though our arms were bound behind us, and even to walk about the deck.
tr	I	I never could see how mass could be a function of velocity, and now I am convinced that it is not.
tr	O	Another trip would be worth while, if only to learn the secret of the powerful and compact storage battery in the miner’s box; this much I am certain of and i have been studying electricity.
tr	O	I’ll get that on this trip.” and in fact, the control of that ex- plosive copper bullet is the only thing they had that I wasn’t able to get —.
tr	O	In ten minutes I was as thoroughly lost as I have even been in my life and i plunged into the tangle.
tr	O	Drew from under his pillow the gold which he had re- ceived and after a bit, he remembered the sale of his books.
tr	O	Presently one of the bravest dared approach and touch him and burl spoke again.
tr	I	At exactly twelve o’clock, Rice pressed a switch, and at once I felt the ship sway, and then start up like an express elevator.
tr	O	I must have risen, although I have no recollection of moving, for I found myself standing with drawn pistol when Habbakuk shook me and nankivell was also on his feet.
tr	I	The wall of the tunnel was split asunder, a great rent appeared, and with a rush like water through an opened sluice-way the enclosed stream poured upward through the open- ing.
tr	I	Just what Graham's plan was in regard to the girl's eyes, f did not know, but whatever it was, he could have confidence in the kindly.
tr	I	The head of a bull ; but a bull with an intelli- gent face.
tr	O	Again Kington's inquiring mind brought them back to the present but a silence fell on the gathering after that eulogy.
tr	I	Earth seemed far away and my life upon it was like a dream now.
tr	O	Ameena were on the palace steps when this girl flew past, just over their heads and sir Isaac, Tubby.
tr	I	There were more scenes, but now with each succeed- ing view, the screen was less clear, sometimes it blurred and grew indistinct.
tr	I	This phrase showed Macrae that his correspondent must bo in touch with the authorities, and he felt bound to comply at once, although not without a grumble both on his part and that of his fiancie.
tr	I	I confess flying was a new sensation to me, and I gloried in every new discovery, thoroughly disgusted with myself for ever backing out of the many chances I had had.
tr	I	Seaton leaped forward and gathered Sitar up in his mighty arms as though she were a child.
tr	O	Not devoid of mountains and seas but hERSCHEL clearly ascertained that these rings are composed of rocky strata, the skeletons of former globes, lying in a state of wild and ghastly con- fusion.
tr	I	Eve is not an adopted child but is my own natural daughter.
tr	O	Fails, flay him alive.” or if he refuses.
tr	O	Find surcease from your strenuous labors.” and come with me as my guest.
tr	O	Help clean up the mess.” and “i’ll come down.
tr	I	My voice, dead and colorless, brought sympathy from the man at the other end.
tr	O	Moist; the eyes were still closed but the heart and respiratory rates were normal for a sleeping dog and the interior of the mouth was pink.
tr	I	With grimly set jaw and wildly flashing eyes the master of this massive child of his brain threw the master-switch on the slate switchboard to his right.
tr	I	We followed it carefully down a long but beautiful valley in hopes of finding a city.
tr	O	They gazed with mournful interest at the coast as they sailed along and the sight of this island made a deep impression on the minds of the men.
tr	O	It slipped and skidded around the curves at unslackened speed and the car was much too light for the pace it was main- taining.
tr	O	With geysers of mar- velous power instead of fountains and it well merited the name of a park — a park with mountains for hills, with lakes for ponds, with rivers for streamlets.
tr	I	He was lying with his head in a heap of ashes, and something wet and warm ran swiftly into his neck.
tr	O	Consequently took upon himself another increase in stature and it was evident to Moura that Atun Wei was impressed strongly by this statement.
tr	I	The coast fell away from me to the east, and westward it was hid-
tr	I	Bell was scout as before ; the Doctor and Johnson took each a side of the sled, and lent a helping hand when necessary; Hatteras walked behind to keep all in the right track.
tr	O	I was in just the mood for reckless adventure — with a chance of something good at the end of it and on the other hand I was young, my affairs were in a mess.
tr	I	Before the mo- mentum has been expended, the next tower is reached, which pushes the water on to the next one, and so on through the entire length of the Canal.
tr	O	Took my place facing Kapioma and still keeping my hands on the control buttons of my suit, I walked down the steps of the dais.
tr	O	The ant have always been moving with great rapidity and on the other hand, though you did not know it, perhaps, both you.
tr	O	Change a shipment of true gold with our false gold and we didn’t know what to do, so he suggested that I get a position as express messen- ger.
tr	I	I will make daily trips to the earth, as the tubes are shot forth and watch for publi- cation of the fact that a tube has been found.
tr	I	That something was a projectile, its propelling rockets fiercely aflame; as smoothly brilliant as its mother-ship and seemingly as impervious to the lethal beams of the common foe.
tr	O	To me it is just as clear as mud.” but “that is a very lucid explanation, Miss Adah,” he said, “and I have no doubt that Dune is in Heaven.
tr	I	“He is the lowest officer of the blue degree but his position is a very responsible one.
tr	O	Raced ashore, seizing his suit as he ran toward the turbo- alternator and he struck the water with a sharp, smooth “slup!”.
tr	O	Ever and again the Snail-Eater, whose name she had given, would laugh and strike her with his ashen spear and they walked about her.
tr	I	Without impatient exclamations or rustlings, they waited, with alert eyes and silent bodies, until Pirsn pro- duced the bluish manuscript and several sheets of notes.
tr	I	THE TISSUE CULTURE KING 453 ness and this menagerie of monstrosities?
tr	O	An appreciation of the innocence of all good-looking women and the test included a complete inability to understand the value of evidence, an emotional nature easily swayed by the appeals of the attorneys.
tr	O	Sug- gested that with that they might get upon a train at St. Albans or New Barnet and she explained that they had as much as thirty pounds in gold besides a five-pound note.
tr	I	She returned a few moments later, and stood shyly awaiting his approval.
tr	I	IS eyes were bright, dream filled ; she shrank a little from him, faint pallor under the perfect "I say to you, Yolara, that these things were and are — in Ireland."
tr	O	Wimble was no exception to the rule and nature slaps people who flout her that way.
tr	I	The alpha ray is a stream of positively charged helium ions, the beta rays are simply a flow of electrons moving at a high velocity, and the gamma rays are waves in ether.
tr	I	Dead lay thick in its streets and great dogs, already strange and fierce and wolflike, ran in packs among them.
tr	I	The interior of the mouth was pink and moist ; the eyes were still closed but the heart and respiratory rates were normal for a sleeping dog.
tr	I	Vardas, the bacteriologist, filled a hypodermic syringe from the culture in the glass jar and approached the man.
tr	O	Waited to see if I was dead and i lay for a minute.
tr	I	The odd- job man was coming up the garden, amazed at the smashing of glass, and saw her emerge, hauling the inanimate body with red-stained hantls.
tr	I	He had, therefore, been a witness to the landing and primary exploration of the lunarians.
tr	O	Can go where I please and now I have full command of my limbs.
tr	I	Well, if Betelgeuse were a hollow globe and you put our Sun suspended in its center, Mer¬ cury, Venus and the Earth would all have plenty of room to traverse their orbits inside it!
tr	O	The lines cut or somehow the messages have been intercepted.
tr	O	Then called him to one side, asking if he had seen anything out of the way or unusual during his trick on watch the night before and i motioned him on deck.
tr	I	The being whose frantic rush through London had inflicted so much injury and disaster had indeed Mr. Bessel’s body, but it was not Mr. Bessel.
tr	I	They found an airlock in working order, and were soon in the second lifeboat, where Stevens hastily turned on a communicator and peered out into space.
tr	I	Seaton made his way to the power-plant, lifted in one of the remaining bars, and applied a little power.
tr	O	To discuss science with them." and "we are to tell them of the world from which we come.
tr	I	I got the latter out, walked with shaken steps to the easy chair in the house, and read the story that follows : «‘T^\EAR Russell, -L/
tr	I	"Feeling unusually thirsty, most likely the after ef- fects of the drug, I got out my collapsible drinking cup and dipped a generous portion from the nearby stream.
tr	I	The explosion had literally pul- verised a great area of earth, piling it in soft heaps that were still slipping and slithering to a common level.
tr	O	Brilliant pink in color, shot above the horizon and just before the edge of the sun itself appeared, a number of smaller protuberances, fantastic in shape.
tr	O	The night before sailing he had a long confidential talk on the subject with the Doctor and his two officers and richard Shandon had no apprehensions on that score, though he had anxieties enough of another nature.
tr	O	The Chief Air Officer in Wash- ington and ten minutes later he was describing his adventure to the Chief of Staff.
tr	O	Rather disinclined to return to the home of my youth and the death of my par¬ ents left me wealthy.
tr	I	Immediately I seemed to expand all over my body, BELOW THE INFRA RED 899 and experienced a far greater buoyancy than any I had yet possessed.
tr	O	Probably the wind has dropped altogether.” and “the clouds do not look like it.
tr	O	How I am to trace the movements of Fair without following anv trail he may have left without seeing it, is more than I can imagine." and ing my presence there.
tr	I	come sight to us, if not to the sheep ; but they fed in peace, lords of their own pastures, without either protector or destroyer in human shape.
tr	O	Heard the rip of his trousering and they saw the dog’s teeth had slipped the hand, heard a kick, saw the dog execute a flanking jump and get home on the stranger’s leg.
tr	I	But I shall not he convinced until you have made a lens and have proved your case.
tr	I	Their arms were skinny but sinuous and powerful, and they had ten fingers on each hand instead of five.
tr	I	We know — and he knew — that the kingdom of Dahomey is one of the most powerful on the West Coast of Africa.
tr	O	Put a few questions to them and as quietly as we could, we joined the group of idle spectators.
tr	I	I apologize duly for the intrusion, but I wanted to ask you if you could run up here in about an hour from now.
tr	O	The ice man and the others who came regularly?” and for instance, didn’t somebody call at the house — somebody besides the milkman.
tr	O	Many who had not seen the inside of a place of worship found them- selves in frequent attendance and religion took on new significance.
tr	O	Opened his Shakespeare to "King John." and i reached across the table.
tr	O	The needle's eye and did you ever hear the parable of the camel.
tr	I	What wondrous strides toward perfection the human race might have made if the first man had evolved it and it had persisted until now as the creed of humanity.”
tr	I	Seaton instantly threw off his headset and opened the power switch.
tr	O	Be a nurse and bind up wounds and — everything.” and i am tired of being a stenographer, I want to go to war.
tr	O	A move- ment of the animals now and then, the night was very still and except for an occa- sional sound in the yellow-lit forecastle.
tr	I	The thing was the morn amusing ;k Harvey could not himself give any explanation of why or how he did this, that or the other.
tr	I	I will,” he went on, “tell you the story of what has happened to me, if you like, but you must refrain from interruptions.
tr	I	Some days went by, with Aiken thinking more and more of the discovery he had made.
tr	I	"I presume you refer to the matter of rendering visible objects invisible," he smiled, leaning back in his chair and placing the tips of his fingers to- gether.
tr	I	That black figure with its eyes of fire struck down through all my adult thoughts and feel- ings, and for a moment the forgotten horrors of childhood came back to my mind.
tr	O	Explained the matter in the Time Traveler’s words, we should have shown him, far less skep- ticism and had Filby shown the model.
tr	O	Aerial missiles, however, soon routed the looters from their snowy fast- nesses and machine guns, tear-bombs, rifles, grenades.
tr	I	We were unceremoniously pulled out of the vessel and hustled before the Chief.
tr	I	Whether these revolutions retard the rotation of the earth is for our scientists to prove, but I should think that at least they would create a new theory of the tides.
tr	O	I intend to be there, so I’ll see you at eight.” and “your father wants you to be at the observatory to-night.
tr	O	Varied life to his soul and "accustomed as he was now to the unusual, yet he was inclined to think later that his first glimpse of Ultair gave the thrill of a long.
tr	O	All the space about them was a blazing furnace of huge, deep-red atomic hydrogen flames and arcot depressed a small lever— there was a sudden shock.
tr	I	"Long way from land, though," Ben objected, looking doubtfully at the oars and striving hard to keep from nodding into a doze.
tr	I	This comprised one hundred and fifty members, all of them chosen from the body of engineers, mechanics, and workmen who had been employed in the construc- tion of the ark.
tr	O	My compunction for his ruined walk still hung about me and but you must remember, that I had been alone, play-writing in Lympne, for fourteen days.
tr	O	He laughed in their faces and they tried to sell him a parachute with the Waco.
tr	I	Of course, I had no right to be prying, but I was curious.
tr	I	However, I thought we had better make all the progress we could, and so ordered the caravan to turn into the opening, myself taking second place behind the guide.
tr	O	The diseases of old age or with this difference to explain, the rich man from the West called in the aid of the most noted authority on geriatrics.
tr	I	It was a singularly passion- ate dread, and it set me thinking and observing.
tr	O	Their water was all boiled away through the safety- valves and it’s cooked to an ash.
tr	I	As it was, three of his staff were con- victed as accomplices, and sentenced to life imprison- ment.
tr	O	Then of a sudden broke forth into a merry peal of laughter and co-Tan turned a surprised face toward the Eng- lishman.
tr	O	Increasing heat, there was another very conclusive demonstra- tion that the earth had thus suddenly approached nearer to the sun and independently of the increased.
tr	I	The second morning after the conversation be- tween Cosmo Versal and Joseph Smith, New York 680 AMAZING STORIES was startled by seeing:, in huge red letters, on-
tr	I	I took a few turns around the deck, and then went to my cabin.
tr	O	Straightway broad- cast to friends and relatives and after that they felt greatly relieved, conscious that the mes- sages would be promptly seen.
tr	I	“Make a list of the missing books, and report the facts to me.
tr	O	Die of thirst and starvation with a land of plenty possibly a few hundred yards away and shall we lie out here.
tr	O	Picked up jMr and the Captain came in.
tr	O	Bound the box round with a piece of worsted so as to keep it from opening as it fell and then Uncle Prudent folded up the note, shut it in the box.
tr	O	Kept their eyes upon us until we had passed; then they resumed their feeding and they moved out of our way.
tr	O	Seemingly as impervious to the lethal beams of the common foe and that something was a projectile, its propelling rockets fiercely aflame; as smoothly brilliant as its mother-ship.
tr	I	“Let’s go down and take a look at her.
tr	I	By the time they had reached the rock he was within a hundred feet of them, invisible to them, but able to see plainly.
tr	O	Jumpy manner, like the limbs of an automaton and it moved in a pe- culiar, jerky.
tr	O	A block of stone slid down and the full beauty of a carefully kept tropical garden lay before us and nahum spoke some words.
tr	O	Was it coincidence or was it the canine instinct.
tr	I	But I discovered, a short time ago, why this is so, and my discovery was, in many ways, far more astonishing than any- thing I had learned since reaching this remarkable land.
tr	I	It will utterly destroy everything within a radius of a hundred miles, and damage everything within a much greater radius.
tr	O	Then dropped down the west coasts of Colombia and Ecuador, finally steaming into the port in Peru and we crossed the Atlantic, buffeted one mild storm, glided into the Caribbean, were hauled through the Isthmus.
tr	O	Left me once again a modern man battling with a clumsy, un- skilled brute and it recalled me from the forgotten eon to which my brain had flown.
tr	I	A dozen times did Lothaire perform prodigies of skill and valor only to be turned back by the stubborn defense led by the equally formidable James.
tr	O	Contained within the edge was a new type of fastener, quite unlike the padlock of the cell and it was a strong wooden panel.
tr	I	phere of the craft, were sending powerful beams of energy downward and were raising the big globe from the ground.
tr	O	Grasped the edge of the elevator top in his hands and dr. Carter stepped up.
tr	I	“Come, Johnson; go in at once or you will be frost- bitten.
tr	I	If only that man could speak more roughly, but the combination of late hours and a lulling voice was liable to get me yet. . . .
tr	I	Of the four doors in sight, only one was locked, and on this he tried various keys on the ring he had taken.
tr	O	The Mendi man touched him on the arm but pollock would have kicked the head again.
tr	O	Time dragged wearily for the scientist, who hardly dared lift a finger for fear of betraying the fact that he was not a grievously sick man and this the latter failed to do, however.
tr	I	"I have just heard some THE EGGS FROM LAKE TANGANYIKA 349 fabulous stories," he said, and approached the visi- tors.
tr	I	When we passed in front of the destroyers, or perhaps between them, should I not throw myself into the water?
tr	I	In a sense, he knew every- thing which man could desire to know, and not a word of it did he breathe to the poputus.
tr	I	In the foreground was a low tower, topped with a weathervane representing a- horse with mane and tail flying wildly in the wind, as though racing through the air at top speed.
tr	O	Become the property of the highest bidder and by our presence here we have admitted the principle that the circumpolar terri- tories can be put up to auction.
tr	O	That world was no more and a second later, a great flash, a shower of “sparks,”.
tr	O	At the time he had no eyes for them but they had landed in a range of mountains which Hamilton later decided were the Alashans.
tr	I	They would have no knowledge of up or down, which requires a third dimension.
tr	I	In the first place, I found there were nearly a million of these people, living in artistically constructed and well appointed homes.
tr	I	Come with me as my guest and find surcease from your strenuous labors.”
tr	I	We have been of little real benefit, and we have decided that your ideas of us are all wrong.
tr	I	It seems that word had traveled around that I came back to life, and my enthusiastic townspeople were bent on celebrating my return in a befitting manner.
tr	I	They’re all over the bench up there, and just simply pouring down the hills and up the valley!”
tr	O	Trestles and bars of gold and tables and chairs.
tr	I	And then his face kind of run together till it was just a blotch — and that's all I saw!"
tr	O	By the doctor's orders was only allowed to remain a few minutes but she called at the hospital three times each day.
tr	I	We generate all we can with the materials and knowledge at our disposal, but we never have enough.
tr	O	When Rita pointed to a name plate on the corner of the burn- ing building, we knew where we were and i recognized the type of them at a glance.
tr	I	All the people are to come to Madagascar from which you will transfer them to your island and immediately place them in the projectiles.
tr	O	See what we may see and however, let us observe the shift working at the time of the explosion.
tr	I	It was made in various hues and shades and was truly a godsend to womankind, for it was even more appealing than the nude.
tr	O	Die friction of the blades and i have known the temperature uf the air to go up fifty degrees, due to the heat of the engines.
tr	I	It was inconceivable that a revolutionary emissary should come to Chicago and he not know of it.
tr	I	The ground itself was lividly white in the glare of our lights, and here and there appeared small purplish growths of some sort.
tr	O	Underwheel far exceeded those that fell victims to the invaders’ rays of death and the number of those underfoot.
tr	O	A white-clad attendant stood looking out of it into the hall and an inner door opened.
tr	I	Bayonet-fighting today is not a pretty thing to see — it is no artistic fencing-match in which men give and take — it is slaughter inevitable and quickly over.
tr	I	Here he broke down, and could speak no more.
tr	O	Approached the visi- tors and "i have just heard some THE EGGS FROM LAKE TANGANYIKA 349 fabulous stories," he said.
tr	O	It still functioned, and on it there moved still the two disks, the earth and comet symbols but it had been twisted and bent by that tremen- dous detonation.
tr	I	Many were the theories that were advanced and re- jected; but, for a long time, no observer traced a con- nection between the unknown television lights and 746 AMAZING STORIES shadows and the enigmatical radio disturbances.
tr	O	Expressionless and void of recognition, as the eyes of a statue and her eyes were as hard to him, as hard.
tr	I	Strict orders were given that the story of the disaster be kept from the public, and a force of one hundred workers with tools and provisions was sent below at once.
tr	I	We saw that ray and another great ray on opposite sides of Triton — Is it not possible that we alone might be able to halt that ray?"
tr	I	Takes after her mother some, but has my eyes and a funny little twisted smile.
tr	I	I saw but few inhabitants during my excursion, but I met a crowd on the 110 AMAZING STORIES beach, drying, salting and loading cod-fish, the principal article of exportation.
tr	O	Into each other or all our efforts were expended in preventing ourselves from either bumping into the wall.
tr	I	A JUDGE can appeal to any fact that he absolutely knows and put it on the record, much as if sworn to by witnesses.
tr	I	He could not imke otit the words at the distance, but he felt sure that these were none of the Neloia.
tr	O	I don't profess to understand it," I replied but "i read something about it.
tr	I	This was probably a derivative of the practice of letting the sun burn decorative figures on one’s back and neck, which has found favor at our seaside resorts.
tr	O	Clambered down the arm of the machine like monkeys and they were physically active.
tr	I	I was a child of ten years when Luda fell, and Yzdral the Beautiful, and all the cities of the Second World, Poseidon, save only Thula, the First, City of the Overlords.
tr	I	He was a kindly soul, always putting himself out for others and beloved by all.
tr	I	It was a strong wooden panel, and contained within the edge was a new type of fastener, quite unlike the padlock of the cell.
tr	I	We breakfasted with a good appetite, and then drank our fill of the excellent water, I felt myself quite a new man, ready to go anywhere my uncle chose to lead.
tr	I	He was under the lfnoression that he hung it up by the hair, but that must have been wrong, for when he returned for it, it was hanging by-
tr	I	By our presence here we have admitted the principle that the circumpolar terri- tories can be put up to auction, and become the property of the highest bidder.
tr	O	Then was quiet and cladgett groaned and squirmed.
tr	I	Otherwise I cannot allow you to go in there, and I have my own reasons for wanting you to be present.”
tr	I	Pres- ently they could see his crushed chest and his shoulders, and the dim outline of his drawn and battered features.
tr	O	Especially for not having arranged a series of signals with Hazen and just the same I cursed myself for a stupid fool for not hav- ing provided for any contingency.
tr	I	Perhaps you can suggest a sub- stance which is hard enough and heavy enough to crush your uncle’s head in and which would disappear without leaving a damp spot or any other trace.”
tr	I	After reaching prison, I made repeated attempts to secure clemency and submitted newly estab- REPRISAL lished evidence, which if heard would probably have cleared my name.
tr	O	Social de- sire and suddenly feeling came back to me — feeling in the shape of overwhelming terror; such a dread of those dark vastitudes as no words can describe, a passionate resurgence of sympathy.
tr	I	I have known the temperature uf the air to go up fifty degrees, due to the heat of the engines and die friction of the blades.
tr	I	we're in for it, so let's shake, boys, and hope for the best."
tr	I	Until we meet, old comrade, pupil and helper — good-by!”
tr	O	Our search for the dog and so engrossed had we become in watch- ing the donkey, that momentarily we had forgotten all about the paper.
tr	I	With trepidation he looked down at his own body to see where the tentacles had come from, and his surprise turned to sheer fright and amazement.
tr	O	They had come to expect me on that day and i had for the past few years always managed, to arrive home on the first Saturday of the month.
tr	O	Ripped open a big hole where he stood and suddenly a bolt from the sky shot past Retipuj.
tr	I	Yet here was the Woodrow Wilson apparently held; and she did not break.
tr	I	Shall we lie out here and die of thirst and starvation with a land of plenty possibly a few hundred yards away?
tr	I	Beyond the spheres, miles away, gigantic, luminous cliffs towered mountain high, stretching to right and left as far as eye could reach.
tr	O	Locate earth in an orbit so that life might once more settle to normal and the men who controlled this motion were besieged to hurry to an end.
tr	O	I must tell him the truth and it was now forced upon tne.
tr	I	We could be free and untrammeled — happy."
tr	O	Handwheels that covered the forward wall of the control room and before them were the intricate controls of the sub- tank, a maze of glittering instruments.
tr	I	How we welcomed its friendly protection, its unlimited water supply (though it seemed about to boil) and its other comfortable resources.
tr	O	The contorted scarlet of the bandsmen was not a restful thing to see but many of the people sitting in the chairs seemed almost natural in their passive poses.
tr	O	Two-fifths, they are fairly well scattered, are they not?” and “while there are undoubtedly thousands of men of Dick’s six-feet-one.
tr	I	The caverns were located almost exactly in the center, and were under the surface of a mesa-like projection of the largest mountain, which was known as Leyris.
tr	O	The dim outline of his drawn and battered features and pres- ently they could see his crushed chest and his shoulders.
tr	I	Again he described with a motion of his hands, the size of the beasts and pointed at my injured leg.
tr	O	Sometimes I think that Nature resents our efforts to pry into her secrets — and punishes those who are too rash and impor- tunate in wresting knowledge from her." but i'm not superstitious exactly.
tr	O	The significance unapparent.’ and you will some day learn that the past is full of such absurd tales — the absurdity of which is very ap- parent.
tr	I	But can the Universes mourn When transient lives like ours are done, And we no longer walk a mote Day-lighted by a tiny sun? .For
tr	O	Half-way up to tile crest of those beautiful desolations and then one would be out upon the amber-lit snow there.
tr	I	Religion took on new significance, and many who had not seen the inside of a place of worship found them- selves in frequent attendance.
tr	I	I cleared away some loose earth and you can imagine my surprise when I picked up the fragment of a time-hallowed wall.
tr	O	It set me thinking and observing and it was a singularly passion- ate dread.
tr	O	Raging at each other at every step and both ascended, denouncing.
tr	I	Soo jerked open the cab door and flung himself at the man bent over the controls.
tr	O	Forth, as if to say, “Put it a\vay.” and one of the strangers, pointing to the automatic, waved his hand back.
tr	I	One could read upon it the question : "Who are you, and whence came you?"
tr	O	Nothing else happened but seconds passed and the smoke became denser.
tr	O	Take — it is slaughter inevitable and quickly over and bayonet-fighting today is not a pretty thing to see — it is no artistic fencing-match in which men give.
tr	O	I’ll climb up you like a squirrel!” or “clam it, ape.
tr	I	On the whole, however, from our own observation of the local front and from the television reports we were constantly receiving, we judged that the American and Allied Caucasian forces were more than holding their own.
tr	O	Placed sloping from the rail and a plank was prepared.
tr	O	His greeting was curt and the government man was plainly out of humor.
tr	I	A black spot showed on the spot he had aimed at, and the air became filled with the pungent odor of burned hair — but the brute above remained in an apparently statuesque
tr	O	Do you to death and i could ma- terialize as a man of metal, able to stand up under this acceleration.
tr	I	In the end, wisely and carefully we shall readjust the balance of animal and vegetable life to suit our human needs.
tr	I	He demonstrated accordingly by starting the propeller and reducing our size until we were about one-half our original size.
tr	O	That's all I saw!" and and then his face kind of run together till it was just a blotch —.
tr	I	I whirled — and a well-directed blow tore the automatic from my hand !
tr	O	Glittered as they darted back and forth, seeking a place to alight and join in the orgy and their bodies flashed.
tr	I	Its strange spots and markings are very clearly defined.
tr	O	Sentenced to life imprison- ment and as it was, three of his staff were con- victed as accomplices.
tr	O	The town of Robold at its base lit up with a beauty that was past beholding and glowing with the softest light; the whole mountain bright- ened as in a dream.
tr	I	King led us directly to the last row of seats and left with an apology.
tr	I	When you hear the explosion, overpower Wana instantly and drive to the entrance of the ware- house.
tr	I	For instance, didn’t somebody call at the house — somebody besides the milkman and the ice man and the others who came regularly?”
tr	I	I receive heat at exactly the same rate the Earth does and I have no protective at- mosphere, so the tendency is to reach a super-tropical temperature.
tr	O	Hustled before the Chief and we were unceremoniously pulled out of the vessel.
tr	I	He must have a brain, of course, but also he must have tools, for that is the only way the intelligence of the brain may be expressed.
tr	I	Then he told me -that all the faculty were going to die of sarcoma, and asked if I would take the responsibility of operating on them.
tr	O	It was impossible to get her out with anything short of dynamite, which naturally we did not pos- sess but how she got there I could not explain.
tr	O	That suddenly gave me a keen stab of pain and some were bathing in exactly the place where I had saved Weena.
tr	I	You go to a great deal of trouble to get seclusion, and then ad- vertise your meetings to the world in this way.
tr	I	Will they generate and manufacture their ozvn air, as Baron Miinchhausen tells us the Martians do!
tr	O	Innocent soul that struggles with a pitiless terror that it cannot know or understand and in his eyes was the look of the fresh.
tr	O	He obeyed Edmund's com- mands with a dejeeted air, occasionally glancing at Ala, who disdained to return his look and the fellow was completely cowed, knowing the dead- ly power of our pistols.
tr	I	And Azuma-zi was practically a savage still ; the veneer of civilization lay no deeper than his slop suit, his bruises, and the coal grime on his face and hands.
tr	I	How she got there I could not explain, but it was impossible to get her out with anything short of dynamite, which naturally we did not pos- sess.
tr	I	The O’Keefe voice was both outraged and angry; squint¬ ing around I saw him struggling violently to get to his feet.
tr	I	At his present speed he would have more than an hour to find Ross and delay the outbreak of the revolt.
tr	I	“Did not you, yourself, assure me that all or nearly all of these were introduced to America by the Europeans?
tr	I	siderable time to complete excavations and prepare for the grand finale, and in the interim we can move the barrier forward an inch or two at a time.
tr	I	The Sea of Tranquility lay in deep shadow and only the distant Apennines remained in sunlight.
tr	O	Might actually be true but any number of answers might not only be possible —.
tr	O	Strike, my people will fight OF TAPAJOS neither for them nor against them for they do not hate the rulers who are kind to them, yet love them not and if the black robes rise.
tr	O	Egg sandwich and a bottle of coffee when you have finished.” and bring me a bacon.
tr	O	Lurched after him, closing the door behind him as he entered the smaller room further back and one of these swarthy fellows arose.
tr	I	Two were got into the water inside of three minutes, for fortunately the sea was calm and the Ark was run- ning slowly.
tr	I	It moved in a pe- culiar, jerky and jumpy manner, like the limbs of an automaton.
tr	O	Enough to make him want to know more but the tetter he received had not contained much in- formation.
tr	I	It was only forty-some million miles away, and was rapidly nearing conjunction with the Power Planet.
tr	O	Departed for the moon and when everything was ready, Pharoah came here.
tr	I	But knowing myself and knowing those two ...” “Stop it!
tr	I	Now, sound travels at the rate of one thousand, eighty-seven feet a second, a speed about one-half or even one-third that of a bullet.
tr	I	No other biologist had made more important or world- famous discoveries.
tr	O	Clear into the Arctic regions and — following later mysterious instruc- tions by letter — into arctic waters and they start off for points North, through Davis Strait, Baffin Bay.
tr	O	Buried half its saw-like jaw into the tyrannosaurus and for, at that moment, an ichthyosaurus, a thirty- foot, saw-toothed jawed, sea-dinosaur, swopt up from below.
tr	I	And now Thorvald rose from his seat, where he had been idly gaming with dice, left hand against right, and strode to the guiding oar.
tr	I	We use cord rather than wire rope because it's easier to cut and more buoyant — necessary points, as you will see.
tr	I	«<T\ TY assistant, Doctor Mann, and I work together.
tr	I	The Invisible Man’s wrist was growing painful ; he was feverish, ex- hausted, and his mind came round to brood upon his chase down the hill and the struggle about the inn.
tr	I	Dr. Carter stepped up and grasped the edge of the elevator top in his hands.
tr	I	Cladgett groaned and squirmed, and then was quiet.
tr	I	"Come," he said, "I shall lead you where you will be safe, and whence you can witness that which shall take place."
tr	O	While she w'as gone he searched Margaret, without result save for the cartridges in her pistol, as she had no jewelry remain- ing after her imprisonment and “get ’em,” he directed briefly.
tr	I	"We are to tell them of the world from which we come and to discuss science with them."
tr	O	On the opposite side, Markham was surprised to see the glass display-windows of shops, a long row of them but the side from which they had emerged was lined with double doors.
tr	I	The globular part contains the pistil, which consists merely of a germen and stigma, together with the surrounding stamens.
tr	O	She did not break and yet here was the Woodrow Wilson apparently held.
tr	O	Strode to the guiding oar and and now Thorvald rose from his seat, where he had been idly gaming with dice, left hand against right.
tr	I	"I know that I told you that and my left brain is still in control.
tr	I	But now I feel that I have entered the field belonging to me and I want you to be the first and only man to have seen my Self- Serving Table before its introduction to the pub- lic.
tr	I	When the kitchen and store-room were immacu¬ late, Tubby and Ameena returned to the instrument room.
tr	I	After the brain has taken more than forty treatments, it grows stale and be- comes worn out.
tr	O	He sat upon it so that he could keep an eye open for any returning dogs and she leant upon the wall.
tr	O	Then went to my cabin and i took a few turns around the deck.
tr	O	That is all I can say and the thing seems to have happened so.
tr	I	Ubca stood at the door and he took my cold hand without a word, pressing it warmly.
tr	I	"It is easier xa start with the unfertilized primary cell, actuate it in the laboratory, and permit its gestation and growth thereafter in a natural man- ner.
tr	O	You must ever remember that the two things are entirely separate entities." but the increase of knowledge will tend to develop yo.ur minds.
tr	I	However, I knew that he was very prudent, and might suspect that the authorities were watching him and there- fore had refrained from sending any message.
tr	O	Worked with absolute precision and but her one gun was promptly turned upon her remaining enemy, the Japanese battleship.
tr	O	With a pur¬ ring rip, that left new welts, from the skin or it was the blade that seemed to withdraw reluc¬ tantly from the padding of the protector.
tr	O	The disease was found among the troops and upper-class townsmen and that night the first deaths occurred.
tr	I	"The quitting-whistle’s going to blow in five minutes, and they don’t like overtime work here where we are.
tr	O	The acute angle of the projectors only allowed shots along the length of the right of way and we worked under a disadvantage, for physical con- ditions.
tr	O	Carefully we shall readjust the balance of animal and vegetable life to suit our human needs and in the end, wisely.
tr	I	Burgess’ stateroom was at the middle of the corridor and just opposite that of the fat man, whom he could see sitting glumly in the corner as he went into his own room.
tr	I	Was it the canine instinct, or was it coincidence?
tr	O	I should think that at least they would create a new theory of the tides but whether these revolutions retard the rotation of the earth is for our scientists to prove.
tr	O	Busi- ness man, in spite of his youth and jack, who was a well-known banker.
tr	I	He had seen him move forward quickly, as though to ask her to come back — move forward, and then turn aside with a flush that became a bitterly cynical smile.
tr	I	He listened for the purr of a motor or some other telltale sound that would prove the correctness of his theory.
tr	O	You know the rest.” and for two days the Forward struggled with the flames.
tr	I	Ezra, of course, wanted to know all about it, and later when the plane was being assembled, he helped (as he thought) to rivet the pieces together.
tr	O	Called attention to the transposed eyes and feet of Gyp and i exhibited the flat guinea pig.
tr	O	Walk between them — that is the way they are going to prevent that and it is a wire, charged with high voltage; they fear we will try to make ourselves invisible.
tr	O	Climbed down the rope ladder and i ran into my cabin, grasped my emergency medical kit.
tr	O	Earthworks are being thrown up to check the advance Londonwards." and great anxiety prevails in West Surrey.
tr	I	“Our system of power transmission is more or less like yours, but we haven’t anything like your range.
tr	I	The first clipping I used to intro- duce and substantiate the history of our doings with "Paulo."
tr	I	A reddish flash at the edge, the slightest projection of the out- line, just as the chronometer struck midnight, and at that I told Ogilvy, and he took my place.
tr	O	I went knee-deep, and sometimes neck-deep, in the Red Weed and this gave me a hint.
tr	O	Wind instruments shrieked their wild ululations and as the bearers moved it into place the mourners redoubled their cries, tom-toms thundered deafeningly in the low-vaulted tomb.
tr	I	Then he turned and gazed spellbound at his lovely companion.
tr	O	Were soon in the second lifeboat, where Stevens hastily turned on a communicator and peered out into space and they found an airlock in working order.
tr	O	See if we can’t locate him,” objected Nankivell and "let’s look around a bit.
tr	O	Notify the but hopeless in bis despair, Julius Mayer finally said, "I suppose there is nothing to do now.
tr	O	Sails — motionless and mysterious in the gathering gloom and it looked like it, with its wings.
tr	O	Patiently to enable us to see you and i see your ship now, though you must have waited long.
tr	O	Of whom questions might be asked or but here was a dilemma indeed; there was no point of entrance and no one appeared from the inside to whom orders might be given.
tr	O	Wildly flashing eyes the master of this massive child of his brain threw the master-switch on the slate switchboard to his right and with grimly set jaw.
tr	I	He turned again to the switch and the adjuster carry¬ ing with it all that is dear in life to me disappeared.
tr	I	Suppose you do succeed in this terrible thing; suppose you overrun the Americas and bring them under your heels.
tr	O	Flew over it, j'ust above the waterfall and i slowed down.
tr	O	Big butterfly wings and the other three were fairies scarcely different than the con- ventional type you see in story-books, with dainty, beau- tifully formed bodies.
tr	I	If he knew about them passing this last dividend and how badly we need him, I doubt if he would come in.”
tr	I	It was rare that he could make uj) his mind cpiickly enough to buy, but this time he had done .so.
tr	I	A few died, but, as a rule, lassitude, exhaustion, sometimes delirium and at times a comatose state for a few days were followed by complete recovery.
tr	O	So I bought a phonograph with a clock attachment and when I ordered this machine, I thought about all that.
tr	I	Mr. Mansfield introduced Professor McFaden, and explained that in consequence of the nature of the communication he had to make, he considered that some one with ability to judge of its scientific value should be present.
tr	I	tables and chairs, and trestles and bars of gold !
tr	O	The two walked toward the stairway again and he took Arthur's arm.
tr	I	The motors roared — the current snapped on — and a blaze of light — intense — penetrating — flared out up and down the line.
tr	I	I see your ship now, though you must have waited long and patiently to enable us to see you.
tr	O	Then he saw lurid flames suddenly leap out of it and he saw the moon.
tr	O	Where it was, there are more like it and that knife came from the Cardoso country.
tr	I	And what miracles are there in coronium and nebulium which, as the child of nebula and sun, we inherit?
tr	I	Arcot depressed a small lever— there was a sudden shock, and all the space about them was a blazing furnace of huge, deep-red atomic hydrogen flames.
tr	I	He took the disc from his ear and spoke quietly and distinctly into it.
tr	I	Now I have full command of my limbs and can go where I please.
tr	O	All of a sudden by some queer magic, it has become small and convex and the rim sinks lower and lower.
tr	O	A crystalline gold." and solutions of gold can be made in the two forms — there is a colloidal gold.
tr	I	He had the curious feeling that she was forever on the point of telling him something, but that she was not sure whether she ought to.
tr	I	Co-Tan turned a surprised face toward the Eng- lishman and then of a sudden broke forth into a merry peal of laughter.
tr	O	Markings are very clearly defined and its strange spots.
tr	I	It was Dick, but a Dick transformed.
tr	I	The machete flashed, and I was dropped flat on my back in the mud.
tr	O	Leaving Bess that full of curiosity as to what 'twas all about she was fair on needles and pins and well, that's just what we did, me going along, too.
tr	O	That must have been wrong, for when he returned for it, it was hanging by- but he was under the lfnoression that he hung it up by the hair.
tr	I	The copper repellers were banded on, and much additional machinery was installed in the already well-equipped shop.
tr	I	The dazzling wall of incandescence had blinked out without warning, and Brandon’s beam bored on through space, unimpeded.
tr	O	Widely scattered gunners in the forest below began to explode beneath its rep ray plates and as it approached, the rockets of our invisible.
tr	I	“We did not find it necessary to change any of our apparatus and we hope to make a longer flight soon.
tr	O	Half paralyzed with cold and i was sick with horror.
tr	O	World- famous discoveries or no other biologist had made more important.
tr	I	Nature slaps people who flout her that way, and Wimble was no exception to the rule.
tr	O	Labvo, who told us that there had been a disaster somewhere and they were now waiting the report from the Ampu in charge of the instruments for recording that sort of thing and we met Tora.
tr	I	The roar of the waterfall was almost inaudible and was replaced by a soft hissing produced by the rapid movement of the liquid roof.
tr	O	Who were, therefore, determined to keep its revealing presence away from the unsuspect- ing world and a marvel which our unknown friendly enemies of the south seemed to hold a great peril to their plans.
tr	I	running back through the shimmering corri- dors and out into the courtyard.
tr	O	Great dogs, already strange and fierce and wolflike, ran in packs among them and dead lay thick in its streets.
tr	I	"Them as talks least says die most sense," said Big Ben, cocking his ead one side and peering at te bird with eyes half shut.
tr	I	At Panama I outfitted and transferred to a coastwise vessel for Guayaquil and six weeks after leav- ing Vienna I found myself once more amid familiar scenes.
tr	O	About them shone a film of water, half covering them and the monoliths were heaped about; the wall had fallen.
tr	I	Rovol left his seat, discarded his armor, and signaled Seaton to do the same “I’ve got to hand it to you, ace — you sure arc a blinding flash and a deafening report !”
tr	O	Dodge the barrier in front of it and the squadron attempted to change its course.
tr	O	Then came a recess and tHE machines kept everybody pretty busy during the first spell.
tr	I	I say badly off; but that does not quite express my meaning.
tr	O	' ' Jcol and at fine:,<: v k'fl even no:e. Hut reaa lor voursetf.
tr	O	Nebulae in another great universe 1 Suddenly I be- gan to wonder but and those universes.
tr	O	I am interested now only in this one but oh, I know," as I started to speak, "there are a thousand phases of the thing to be worked out.
tr	O	The bullets from our Springfields did not even stagger the beast but rice and I both fired.
tr	O	Perhaps between them, should I not throw myself into the water or when we passed in front of the destroyers.
tr	I	"It is this, Mr. Ward; the motive power of this so-called boat must be as tremendous and as un- known as that of the remarkable automobile which has so amazed us all."
tr	O	The speed of rotation of the sphere, we obtain both lifting power and propulsive force and by proper adjustments of the angles.
tr	I	The amassing of wealth for the organization members, I suppose, through what, as a lawyer, I have always heretofore called theft and fraud,” said Winter.
tr	I	The sight of this island made a deep impression on the minds of the men, and they gazed with mournful interest at the coast as they sailed along.
tr	I	Rice and I both fired, but the bullets from our Springfields did not even stagger the beast.
tr	I	Independently of the increased and increasing heat, there was another very conclusive demonstra- tion that the earth had thus suddenly approached nearer to the sun.
tr	O	Flung himself at the man bent over the controls and soo jerked open the cab door.
tr	O	Spoke in his most cold and decided tone of voice and it Is Saknussem's Dagger ERE I could finish my sentence, my uncle stop- ped me short from entering upon a whole train of theories.
tr	O	Spent your life with her on good old earth...." and you might have halted the whole thing if you had confessed the truth to Rollins.
tr	I	Had he ob- served that the moon had quite disappeared, and that the earth had been in imminent hazard of run- ning foul of the planet Venus?
tr	O	All the assistants whose work was not too pressing gathered around unobtrusive- and thus the argument raged.
tr	O	For the dark mass that was his brain and this latter prop- erty it shared with all of him, except for the granules in his skeleton.
tr	O	Was some- times full of practical suggestions and cosmo consented, for Blank seemed to him to have become quite a changed man.
tr	O	One done in the twinkling of an eye and neath it — a perfect job of plating.
tr	O	Commerce as we on our plane understand them and there was no industry.
tr	O	The mushrooms sent their columns of fatal dust into the air would they gasp and fight for breath in the red haze that would float like a tenuous cloud above the forest and when day came again.
tr	I	You will some day learn that the past is full of such absurd tales — the absurdity of which is very ap- parent and the significance unapparent.’
tr	I	It was truly an unknown type of cancer cell, and the resulting disease was also absolutely new to medical science.
tr	O	He made no effort to appraise them and the bag was still half full of the strange gems, some of them glowing like miniature lamps in the dark depths.
tr	I	He was prepared to shove behind and send Siss to death or victory.
tr	O	Rage in the primeval forests of Venus and monsters similar to those that lived during the Earth's reptilian Age roam.
tr	I	After a great deal of difficulty, he found the home of this man and was at last admitted to his library.
tr	O	Quite frequently dining-room and sleeping quarters and at least that was what Nash called it, though as a matter of fact it combined the functions of reading room, laboratory, workshop.
tr	O	In practice they would not work but in theory they were so.
tr	I	As for me, I don't believe in the existence of but three on this Earth.
tr	I	Most of it was in blank, but the solitary compositor who did the thing had amused himself by making a grotesque scheme of advertisement stereo on the back page.
tr	O	I have my own reasons for wanting you to be present.” and otherwise I cannot allow you to go in there.
tr	O	He waved them away but his men crowded around him to help finish the most hated general of the Plutocracy.
tr	O	So thick, separated by a space of twelve inches or the ‘receptor disc’ in reality, is made of two plates of bakelite an inch.
tr	I	“I expressed a wish to see this wonderful sight, but did not realize how soon, nor under what terrible condi- tions I was to see the most wonderful thing that man has ever dreamed of.
tr	O	I know of three air-conditioning plants that'll be out of commission from the blast and i'll bet fourteen levels were caved in over in that section.
tr	I	However, if I raised my eyebrows, the New Yorkers were able to understand me, but I could not comprehend one-half of the things they said.
tr	I	I had been thrown to the floor in a corner and a great pressure seemed pushing down upon me, so that I felt I should be crushed.
tr	O	The powerful glasses brought every detail so close that it seemed as if I could almost reach out and touch the gleaming railing of the spiral stairway and i found it in a moment.
tr	O	An emergency medicine kit and i carried a heavy rifle, my pistol.
tr	I	An hour’s work sufficed to fill up the larders of the aeronef , and she resumed her course to the north.
tr	O	The beetle took to the air again just before Burl ar- rived at the spot and another period of floundering.
tr	O	The huge half-open mouth showed as big white teeth as I had ever seen in a human mouth and the facial part projected, forming something dimly suggestive of a muzzle.
tr	I	He withdrew a slide from the side of the box and arranged the two reflectors to focus on the slide.
tr	I	"Monsieur," said I, taking the only course now "you have come; very well, you will re- main; but to me alone be- the management of published by t after 1850.
tr	I	With his brilliant shining eyes and his nervous intense manner he was a unique figure, and caused a great deal of comment among his associates.
tr	I	He made the girl speak before he dropped the chain, and the three people blundered into the house in a heap, and Kemp slammed the door again.
tr	O	It was a less kinetic, a more thoughful optimism but he was still optimistic.
tr	I	Wilson showed every sign of being a martinet, and a surly one at that.
tr	I	But oiir travelers gel through all their troubles in the end and came back to tell vs all about it.
tr	O	I’ve no doubt they’re falling somewhere every night but these green stars — I’ve seen none these five or six days.
tr	I	Presently I am going to press the lever, and off the machine will go.
tr	I	“Yes,” he remarked, “these creatures are undoubtedly of the same species as the ones seen in the forest, but palpably of a dwarfish branch.
tr	I	The girl stopped and seemed trying to understand.
tr	I	But scarcely had I done so, when it shot out segmented, tentacle-like arms and legs, and a head that was a tiny, goggle-eyed miniature of the creature which had fired it.
tr	O	Fascinating: a strange lure seems to hold one to the eye-piece, a sort of psychic gravitational force and "it's exciting, I know.
tr	O	I asked him if this duck was the wizard whom he had met years ago and i managed to get a word to Pedro before he left.
tr	O	Else it must come from a distance or but whoever or whatever it is that comes through it must wait until the moon has risen higher.
tr	I	It seemed that I heard first a cry of delight in a silver voice, and then she was with me.
tr	O	We will do more harm than good or we must move with extreme caution, and, I'm afraid, practise some justifiable deception.
tr	I	All three Abruians were clean-shaven and all wore their hair square cut at the chin with bangs on the fore- head.
tr	I	You have promised to explain it all to me, and I am so ignorant and so anxious to learn.
tr	O	Then came down and smashed ourselves and we smashed up the lot, cleared the gas away.
tr	I	Our new author, apparently agrees with his hero and proceeds to listen attentively to his ex- planations and watch his demonstrations, all of which is done in layman style.
tr	O	Nausea that gripped me as we dropped, are beyond the power of words to tell and the City of Anarchy T HE horror, fear.
tr	O	We can continue our talk down in my shack.” and “i’ll have you free in a jiffy.
tr	I	Of the Allies there were only Tippet and James to be mourned, and no one mourned any of the German dead or Benson, the traitor, whose ugly story was first told in Bowen Tyler’s manuscript.
tr	I	It’s a good thing we are journalists and take all this in the day’s work.”
tr	I	and Crane added quickly : “He undoubtedly knows more about it than I do, and it would be a pity to lose the chance of using him.
tr	I	I stared about me in the vain hope of recognising some knoll or shrub that had been near the sphere.
tr	I	The plane settled almost noiselessly about a mile distant, and rode lazily on its pontoons, easily within striking dis- tance.
tr	I	Austin was left in a daze by the unexpectedness of it ; and the confusion of the household robbed of its governing hand, added to his misery.
tr	I	That has not been adopted widely abroad as yet, but it makes for easier landings.
tr	O	Some form of goods, or privi- lege but “yes,” Hart said, “and it isn’t information the Hans are giving in return.
tr	I	She hovered over the two minarets of the Trocadero and the metal tower of the Champ de Mars, where the enor- mous reflector was inundating the whole capital with its electric rays.
tr	I	With a sigh, I was forced to dismiss the matter, and to decide that Dr. Rand would let me into the secret only when his whim should dictate.
tr	O	The flowers, so *Error and we re- were wholly devoid of green.
tr	I	He probably noticed my worried look and the nervousness I felt.
tr	I	To speak of the work of John For- sythe, and to mention anything before the Sigma Ray, is utterly absurd.
tr	O	Above us the depths of the starry skies were lost in thick darkness and our globe, the only object which caught my view in immensity, seemed ready to be annihilated.
tr	I	"We can hunt and we can ti-ade with the Indians," Arthur admitted, "but we need food by the ton — by the ton, people !
tr	O	Was rapidly nearing conjunction with the Power Planet and it was only forty-some million miles away.
tr	O	Could speak no more and here he broke down.
tr	O	White and gleaming and “its walls were smooth.
tr	I	The men who controlled this motion were besieged to hurry to an end and locate earth in an orbit so that life might once more settle to normal.
tr	I	She saw — distinctly she heard — the old woman shrieking and gesticulating and pointing towards her.
tr	O	Requirements had become so intense, that practically the final limit had at last been reached— in spite of all their science and all their art and about seventy-five thousand years ago living con- ditions.
tr	I	Bell felt like blurting out that he was not going to ap- pear before the Inca at all, that day, but he refrained and suffered the man to fasten the resplendent apparel about him.
tr	O	The screen lighted with its usual cold blow and chevan was manipu- lating the dials of the teleview now.
tr	O	Novelty of an adventure such as this and i can conceive nothing more sublimating than the strange peril.
tr	O	Thus was ex- plained the premature advance of the day with the abnormal prolongation of the dawn and the Albatross must thus have reached the forty- sixth degree of north latitude.
tr	I	Burl, filled with fresh notions of his own import- ance, strutted on toward the hiding-place of the tribe, growing more and more angry with the other men for having deserted him.
tr	O	Sixty-five thousand tons of ice into steam and it’s nearly eleven million million calories, if it goes into heat — enough to turn one hundred.
tr	I	"Out in the coun- try, where I come from, other people could hear them, but I couldn't," They stood a while in silence, watching.
tr	O	Manage all the buttons with the other hand and he could hold her in one arm.
tr	O	England was confronted with the strangest problem in the history of any nation but the victims of this silent attack came to life again.
tr	I	There came the sound of a sudden spring and of a knife ripping through the mattress where Bell had lain a few .seconds before.
tr	O	We looked up to find the others leaving and at that moment, however, he paused to reflect.
tr	O	All about me win- dows smashed, unheeded and my ears were smitten with a clap of thunder that left me deaf on one side for life.
tr	O	My discovery was, in many ways, far more astonishing than any- thing I had learned since reaching this remarkable land and but I discovered, a short time ago, why this is so.
tr	O	It was obvious that the creature was totally blind and one of the little animals appeared to be suffering from the development of ulcers on the corner of the eye.
tr	O	The three people blundered into the house in a heap, and Kemp slammed the door again and he made the girl speak before he dropped the chain.
tr	O	Immediately place them in the projectiles and all the people are to come to Madagascar from which you will transfer them to your island.
tr	O	I set out to survey the valley and we made camp at once.
tr	O	He refrained and suffered the man to fasten the resplendent apparel about him but bell felt like blurting out that he was not going to ap- pear before the Inca at all, that day.
tr	I	Then came a titanic roar and the planet itself seemed to shake!
tr	I	For, at that moment, an ichthyosaurus, a thirty- foot, saw-toothed jawed, sea-dinosaur, swopt up from below and buried half its saw-like jaw into the tyrannosaurus.
tr	I	He struck the water with a sharp, smooth “slup !” and raced ashore, seizing his suit as he ran toward the turbo- alternator.
tr	O	None the less I knew it but faint and far-distant and almost imperceptible it was.
tr	I	It was strange at first and a thing to laugh at; but he reduced it to laws as potent and as inexorable as the laws of gravitation.
tr	O	Rustlings, they waited, with alert eyes and silent bodies, until Pirsn pro- duced the bluish manuscript and several sheets of notes or without impatient exclamations.
tr	O	Graceful build that just escaped being too slender and she was about nineteen, of a slim.
tr	I	(Continued from page 911) bone pegs and drill, Miss Hinton, please.
tr	O	Had skilled menials do it for them.” but a thous- and years before that, however, even the highest and most prominent people could not write.
tr	I	“But what do you know about the darned things quitting and leaving me flat?
tr	I	“I’ll come down and help clean up the mess.”
tr	O	Allowed no success to turn it — should be complete and i believe that the record of this master mind — one that drove straight for its goal.
tr	I	The moon spun once round the earth as 1 noted this; and I perceived clearly the motion of Mars in his orbit.
tr	I	This was placed around the generating tank and receives the cur¬ rent produced by induction.
tr	O	Floor windows admitted nothing but starlight—Tubby examined it and by the light of an electric bulb—for the side.
tr	O	Lent a helping hand when necessary; Hatteras walked behind to keep all in the right track and bell was scout as before; the Doctor and Johnson took each a side of the sled.
tr	I	Cosmo decided that the only safe plan would be to run south of Sardinia, and then keep along between Sicily and Tunis, and so on toward lower Egypt.
tr	I	"We need a new thermostat for the primate'3 cage," said Johnssen, the words rumbling slowly and deeply in his throat.
tr	O	Shades and was truly a godsend to womankind, for it was even more appealing than the nude and it was made in various hues.
tr	O	Waited patiently beside it until the beautiful creature within broke through its inatted shell and came out into the sunlight and burl's fel- low tribesmen sometimes came upon a cocoon just about to open.
tr	O	That good old Prof. Nilsson is coming for dinner and is bringing Zora and Dorothy with him and but, what I called for was to tell you that I am leaving for home right away^.
tr	I	The fairy people were taking me all in and appeared to have been waiting patiently for some time for me to awake.
tr	I	It isn’t quite according to what a man wants for his species, but it’s about what the facts point to.
tr	I	The Martians had come, had seen and had been conquered !
tr	O	Only the distant Apennines remained in sunlight and the Sea of Tranquility lay in deep shadow.
tr	O	Was at last admitted to his library and after a great deal of difficulty, he found the home of this man.
tr	I	Put him in irons," was the captain's succinct reply, as he turned to- ward the cabin and his interrupted dinner.
tr	I	Each night before I fell asleep I gave a little prayer for the old man and knew that he was content.
tr	O	Then keep along between Sicily and Tunis, and so on toward lower Egypt and cosmo decided that the only safe plan would be to run south of Sardinia.
tr	I	He could hold her in one arm and manage all the buttons with the other hand.
tr	I	1 never saw what happened to the telephone oiierator, but the hut disintegrated in six leaps ; only the coni- cal roof continued to skim on into the grey distance.
tr	I	When everything was ready, Pharoah came here and departed for the moon.
tr	O	Nights in the attempt to discover some remedy and dr. Kramm, over- whelmed at the knowledge that his intended gift to mankind had turned out to be a curse, had been giving exhaustively of his days.
tr	O	The pigment stuff — what is it and these were the claws.
tr	O	You will be frost- bitten or “come, Johnson; go in at once.
tr	I	"This gentleman is the President, and we've escaped from Washington.
tr	O	Come down to my place on Long Island at once and "general," broke in the young man, ignoring his inquiry, "can you jump into my car.
tr	O	Again the pile of ingots leaped into the air to hang motionless, suspended by the gravity beam and again the “Terrestrian” floated lightly in the air out- side the hangar.
tr	O	Cakes of agreeable and varie- gated design, without any suggestion in colour or form of the unfortunate animals from which their substance and juices were derived and in- stead were pastes.
tr	I	"By verifying time as a fourth dimension and perfecting devices for traveling in it."
tr	O	Ran out on deck and i rose hastily', snatched up my life belt.
tr	I	In theory they were so, but in practice they would not work.
tr	O	Had been conquered and the Martians had come, had seen.
tr	I	We cannot read the electrical alphabet — ^having no machines to do it for us — and the devices for keep- ing written records were soon superseded by newer methods.
tr	O	Remarked whimsically, "You've a peculiar imagination, Cloukey and lie laid aside the magazine.
tr	O	Violently squirted out of the planet, "as flaming gas rushes out of a gun." and he compared it to a colossal puff of flame, suddenly.
tr	O	Meeting his cold stare she paused irresolutely and finally sat dow'n, biting her lips in anger, while the other girl went on but dorothy threw up her head in defiance.
tr	O	We had no intention of returning as yet and we did not send them at once, for one of 11s must be there to receive them.
tr	I	Pollock would have kicked the head again, but the Mendi man touched him on the arm.
tr	O	Now it was near- ly and he would overtake them, he said, at about half-past four in the morning.
tr	O	Able to see plainly but by the time they had reached the rock he was within a hundred feet of them, invisible to them.
tr	I	But we reasoned that he must be a maniac or a drug-fiend and that in such case he would continue his attacks and, moreover, would not reason that he was courting disaster by reappearing.
tr	O	Of their splendid son had served to enhance the loveliness which had first enthralled Roy and her contentment in the love of her husband.
tr	I	At least that was what Nash called it, though as a matter of fact it combined the functions of reading room, laboratory, workshop and quite frequently dining-room and sleeping quarters.
tr	O	Substantiate the history of our doings with "Paulo." and the first clipping I used to intro- duce.
tr	O	Finally, in 1898, Dr. Roentgen discovered the ray which has been named after him and “certain phenomena which occurred in Nature, however, seemed to require still other rays to ac- count for them.
tr	I	“There’s some gratification in that knowledge, but it may be that civilization — as we know and value it — will be extinct before disease calls a halt down here.
tr	O	The sleds being inextricably entangled with the wire ropes and we were all tumbled in a heap, the car.
tr	I	The victims of this silent attack came to life again, but England was confronted with the strangest problem in the history of any nation.
tr	I	Any number of answers might not only be possible — but might actually be true.
tr	I	Next, procure a bottle of fine oil, such as 3-in-l brand and pour about one teaspoonful on the page.
tr	I	the hosts of Yolara have been beaten back; and on the bridge comes Nak with tidings.”
tr	O	We will be destroyed!” or turn it aside.
tr	O	So devoted a nephew as myself and why should not a man as seriously convinced as my uncle, succeed, with so excellent a guide as worthy Hans.
tr	O	Automatic, which were themselves immensely heavy and “as soon as I was able, I clambered over the side of the cockpit, carrying my canteen.
tr	I	no noise, no hurry — but only a dogged, persistent energy that was capable of moving mountains, but knew not where to move them.
tr	I	He dealt in vases and statuary, book-ends and chimes, and things you put around in rooms to make them look artistic.
tr	I	Feel that thrill and wild exultation it sent through you.
tr	O	Dried them off and half frantic with terror I dipped them out.
tr	O	No child of mine is going to develop unhealthy complexes because I indulged it in untimely love and unnecessary caresses and i have read very carefully what Hug- Hellmuth has written about the psychology of the baby.
tr	O	Something wet and warm ran swiftly into his neck and he was lying with his head in a heap of ashes.
tr	O	In training, yet, when these strange beings edu- cate their infinitely varying offspring or "as a result of this, no two are alike mentally, physi- cally.
tr	O	Fifteen feet long and it sent me into the air in a rainbow loop which was fully ten feet high.
tr	O	Thinking seemed to be his main object in life and i don't think that we'd be dematerialized, either, because the situation would give him something more to think about for another thousand cycles.
tr	I	It was a great problem, and we must acknowledge the aid of the Martians in solving it.
tr	O	So much better in science and mechanics that the Osnomians wouldn't have stood much chance, and knew it and they are an older race.
tr	I	They fell upon the paralyzed brutemcn and rei:)tiles on the mount, and flowed and splashed over them.
tr	O	That is very inert and “steve, you said that your car was nearly pure iridium on the outside.
tr	I	I don't say that the people who like them are not entitled to them, but I do say they are not the sort of programs to loud-speak from a tomb in a cemetery.
tr	O	Excited and as he shook my baud he burst just at present are not of primary importance to the subject which 1 wish to disclose to you and he looked exultant.
tr	I	Gone, anni- hilated — and the world was better for it!
tr	O	The downpour would be so fierce that a person might be drowned in the open field and the condensation of the nebula, 845 846 AMAZING STORIES he declared, -was likely to begin any minute.
tr	I	We seized our weapons, our lead shields, and as much of our personal luggage as we could carry, and jumped down from our damaged craft.
tr	I	Glowing with the softest light ; the whole mountain bright- ened as in a dream, and the town of Robold at its base lit up with a beauty that was past beholding.
tr	I	Bell found Tumba at his elbow and the rest of the party wait- ing and watching the Indian.
tr	I	Mr. Gordan opened the front door and gave a little (Continued on page 180)
tr	O	With the graduation each had gone his own way, each to his own home-town, each to his own interests but they might even have been called chums in those good old days of camaraderie.
tr	I	What Went Before SEDFORD is a writer, but he also h confidence in his abilities as a first-rate busi- ness man.
tr	I	The slow match we calculated to burn for about ten minutes, more or less, before it reached the chamber in which the great body of powder was confined.
tr	O	He did seem to understand things remarkably well.” but “he acted like any other boy.
tr	I	“Of course,” Dr. Wentworth was saying, as he paced up and down the room behind the Colonel’s chair.
tr	I	Then, they stretched out in three lines and thundering and clank- ing with the metals, they took up the chase.
tr	I	The fate of the others is still unknown, but there seems to be a slight possibility that some of them may yet be rescued.
tr	I	A fish hunter, (please note I did not say fisherman), sitting on a conveniently projecting rock, thrust a copper dart at Mr. Fish and struck him a beautiful blow between the eyes.
tr	I	I did not then, nor do I now, approve of you or anyone else making this hazardous trip.
tr	O	Every effort was set forth to ascertain whence these voices came and this caused a great deal of excitement.
tr	O	The devices for keep- ing written records were soon superseded by newer methods and we cannot read the electrical alphabet — ^having no machines to do it for us —.
tr	I	A few glances, a word or two was all that had passed.
tr	I	We had no difficulty in gaining admission and after the proper ceremonies took our places.
tr	I	Chevan was manipu- lating the dials of the teleview now and the screen lighted with its usual cold blow.
tr	O	Never looked up from her shoes but she spoke softly and tittered.
tr	I	Carefully closing the door, he fingered dials upon each of the walls of the cell, then folded himself up into a comfortable position, instructed Nadia to do the same, and snapped off the light.
tr	I	Why should he have grasped or clutched at the beast ?”
tr	O	More angry with the other men for having deserted him and burl, filled with fresh notions of his own import- ance, strutted on toward the hiding-place of the tribe, growing more.
tr	O	The next day they talked about it again, and it was strangely less impossible but i lis suggestion seemed, I say, an impossible dream to her on that day.
tr	O	Treasure is what we are after and on the other hand, the nearer stream did yield some treasure.
tr	I	She lay passive in his arms, and as he looked into her face she opened her eyes wide.
tr	O	At times a comatose state for a few days were followed by complete recovery and a few died, but, as a rule, lassitude, exhaustion, sometimes delirium.
tr	I	Winter has them fast in iron chains, but 234 AMAZING STORIES who knows what wickedness they may be capable of?
tr	O	Passed them around and he was glad to see the photo- graphs.
tr	I	When not operating, he lectured to his classes or read scientific papers before medical societies.
tr	I	An inner door opened and a white-clad attendant stood looking out of it into the hall.
tr	I	The blankets and cases of provisions were also creeping slowly down the glass, and presently came to rest so as to block out a portion of the view.
tr	O	More of the discovery he had made and some days went by, with Aiken thinking more.
tr	I	The loose ice would get en- tangled among the blades of the screw and adhere so firmly that the engine was powerless.
tr	O	Innocently, that their dreams were not in the least disturbed by the crashing and the quaking of the earth and over by their airplanes the young fellows slept so soundly.
tr	O	You can go ahead with your damnable experi- ment alone and if you're going to de- pend on me to keep you out of trouble I'll quit.
tr	I	Ten minutes later he was describing his adventure to the Chief of Staff and the Chief Air Officer in Wash- ington.
tr	I	His face was a study as he arose and strode up and down the room.
tr	I	“After the impact, caused by the error in our estimation of your earth’s atmospheric density, we eventually burrowed out and started this underground domain.
tr	O	Dead sea bottom and in a few minutes the fragments crashed into the satellite, scattering themselves over mountain, crater.
tr	I	At fine :,<: v k'fl even no:e. Hut reaa lor voursetf, and ' ' jcol .
tr	O	He naturally saw a "story” in the returning scientists and at that time the ivriter was correspondent for the Associated Press.
tr	I	I be- lieve that they have corrupted the judiciary, and there is no doubt that they will go on until they have the entire nation by the throat.
tr	O	Gathered Sitar up in his mighty arms as though she were a child and seaton leaped forward.
tr	O	Manufacture their ozvn air, as Baron Miinchhausen tells us the Martians do and will they generate.
tr	I	And suddenly ther^ was a rustle and a creak, a thud. . . .
tr	I	It was therefore the time to strike and charge them with having taken the joke seriously, and with the squandering of public funds over it.
tr	O	The gamma rays are waves in ether and the alpha ray is a stream of positively charged helium ions, the beta rays are simply a flow of electrons moving at a high velocity.
tr	O	Rode lazily on its pontoons, easily within striking dis- tance and the plane settled almost noiselessly about a mile distant.
tr	O	Hurried down the spiral shaft so like the one in Carcante’s globular home and quickly Claire and I arose.
tr	O	Permit its gestation and growth thereafter in a natural man- ner and "it is easier xa start with the unfertilized primary cell, actuate it in the laboratory.
tr	O	Even then I knew that our ideal life could not go on but my love of her kept me from utter despair.
tr	I	Another period of floundering, and the beetle took to the air again just before Burl ar- rived at the spot.
tr	I	Mrs. Hall appeared after an interval, a little short of breath, but all the fiercer for that.
tr	I	The Band-lu, however, did not have the bow and arrow, and in this respect they differ from their extinct progenitors, or descendants, of Western Europe.
tr	O	Wild exultation it sent through you and feel that thrill.
tr	I	It was plain enough at first on account of the crushed and broken bushes, white rags torn from the puma's bandages, and occasional smears of blood on the leaves of the shrubs and undergrowth.
tr	O	I lost no time in speeding my volplane to her home and to my surprise she consented.
tr	I	But, with the book closed, and to a three-dimensional perception which can see across from one page to another, the two points are very near together.
tr	I	“The clouds do not look like it, and probably the wind has dropped altogether.”
tr	I	The breach in the golden light that encircled the Lunite camp was becoming less and less and no deadly yellow finger of Death touched me and called me its own.
tr	O	Made it work and the discoveries of 1925- 1975, that greatest half-century in all human his- tory, made it possible.
tr	O	Had done some researches in biology under Huxley and i told him I had spent some years at the Royal College of Science.
tr	O	Pointed at my injured leg and again he described with a motion of his hands, the size of the beasts.
tr	I	Riflemen fired from between the cars, but the feeble cracks of their weapons showed the futility of trying to stop the mob by such means.
tr	O	Like a good, normal chemist you reply with his absolute scale of temperature and i give you ‘Kelvin’.
tr	O	Palpably of a dwarfish branch but “yes,” he remarked, “these creatures are undoubtedly of the same species as the ones seen in the forest.
tr	O	Not enough to make much impression upon a belligerent planet but trainor has a few of his rocket torpedoes.
tr	O	I perceived clearly the motion of Mars in his orbit and the moon spun once round the earth as 1 noted this.
tr	I	He stands back, and as he does so, the three are startled by the sound of a whistle which comes distinctly from the horn.
tr	I	I waited with no little anxiety, while a lengthy document was reait and while the court questioned each of the three in turn.
tr	O	Felt the immense in- crease in mental power which it engenders and / have tried it upon myself.
tr	O	Each year are inspected and these convict colonies, as I might call them, are under the super- vision of the chief settlement.
tr	I	She called at the hospital three times each day, but by the doctor's orders was only allowed to remain a few minutes.
tr	O	He doubled the furs covering her until she intimated that she no longer felt any dis- comfort from the cold and but Edmund wished Ala to remain outside.
tr	I	Jerry Strasser opened the hatch from the inside, and with his help, Jurgensen clambered painfully out, leaving a track of blood behind him.
tr	I	What would happen when I could no longer pro- duce fire and smoke when called upon to do so?
tr	O	Suddenly I realized that this was not because of any breeze, for they moved in all directions and their leaves and branches were in ceaseless motion.
tr	O	Was in despair and he had written many applica- tions with no result.
tr	I	lie laid aside the magazine and remarked whimsically, "You've a peculiar imagination, Cloukey.
tr	I	^‘Bless me!” said the captain, staring with mingled admiration and doubt at Cosmo Versal, “if you couldn’t beat old Noah round the world, and give him half the longitude.
tr	I	At the outer side of each chair was placed a strong table of oak and steel, covered with a mass of shining apparatus.
tr	O	Descended into the engine room and the latter, leaving the bow, went to the central hatchway.
tr	O	Black striped cloak, who seemed to be in command and this time he was accompanied by several other similar individuals, under the direction of an elderly person, dressed in a gorgeous yellow.
tr	I	I believe that the record of this master mind — one that drove straight for its goal, and allowed no success to turn it — should be complete.
tr	O	Steady from the squatting-place, just as it had done ten minutes ago, when the old woman had stood yonder worshipping the lion and the smoke of Brother Fire rose straight.
tr	I	They start off for points North, through Davis Strait, Baffin Bay and clear into the Arctic regions and — following later mysterious instruc- tions by letter — into arctic waters.
tr	O	With such an acceleration that its occupants were mostly thrown to the floor and ward at an angle so sharp.
tr	I	Festered with disease, hunger, and crime, with a homeless, terror-stricken populace, it awaited the glacier’s coming sedately and with dignity, like an aristocrat.
tr	O	That his race used other resources as well but moura explained that there were.
tr	O	Talking together about the same pictures and thus from that day on a curious spectator from an aeroplane might have seen an old man sitting on the lawn showing a golden-haired child pictures from very old books.
tr	O	Put it on the record, much as if sworn to by witnesses and a JUDGE can appeal to any fact that he absolutely knows.
tr	O	Discovery, whichever it was, hajjpened or, i haven’t seen him since the accident.
tr	O	Every one will line up and pay the admission toll and they are so placed to hold the citizens in awe, so that each.
tr	I	But her one gun was promptly turned upon her remaining enemy, the Japanese battleship, and worked with absolute precision.
tr	I	“There’s no trick about this bullet,” and the Gen- eral picked up the object in question.
tr	I	Thus the argument raged, and all the assistants whose work was not too pressing gathered around unobtrusive-
tr	O	I think I had never seen a cave any- where larger than that one and we all looked in.
tr	I	As quietly as we could, we joined the group of idle spectators and put a few questions to them.
tr	I	It had been twisted and bent by that tremen- dous detonation, but it still functioned, and on it there moved still the two disks, the earth and comet symbols.
tr	I	Bodies of the blond giants were thrown from the ships as they burst under the impact, bodies that went hurtling toward the great cloud banks and were swallowed up by the mists in their swift descent.
tr	I	I discovered a small catch or button near one end of the cylinder, and as I pressed upon this, the cord was suddenly released.
tr	O	Our expectations be- came eagerly alive and that we were rapidly approaching the borders of the night hemisphere.
tr	I	He stammered something about indifference to wealth, but I brushed all that aside.
tr	I	A marvel which our unknown friendly enemies of the south seemed to hold a great peril to their plans, and who were, therefore, determined to keep its revealing presence away from the unsuspect- ing world.
tr	O	Now I am convinced that it is not and i never could see how mass could be a function of velocity.
tr	I	No wonder — for the figure before us was that of Estha; but not the Estha we thought we knew.
tr	O	Watch for publi- cation of the fact that a tube has been found and i will make daily trips to the earth, as the tubes are shot forth.
tr	O	Tumble combat which the old man terminated by pulling the two apart ^TORIES of the far distant future are generally very in^ teresting and always compel our attention and for a minute there was a rough.
tr	I	The dome was brought in and placed over us.
tr	O	It makes for easier landings but that has not been adopted widely abroad as yet.
tr	O	Upland the people who had fled thither from the floods and the falling houses and sliding slopes of hill watched for that rising in vain and in a thousand open spaces of down.
tr	O	Studied the screen, upon which, to the accompaniment of whistling, shriek- ing sound, whirled and gyrated an interlacing group of serpentine forms and kromodeor elevated an eye.
tr	O	Into a narrow little dock ex- cavated in the beach and montgomery Steered us round.
tr	I	If he refuses, or fails, flay him alive.”
tr	I	“I can only hazard a guess, but I think the thing goes deeper than personal animosity toward me.”
tr	O	Go,” replied Rovol, as he took from a cup- board the largest faidon that Seaton had ever seen and “all that remains to be done is to take our lens- material.
tr	O	Am now wasting an hour explaining myself." and and here I have wasted^a day saving your life.
tr	O	Any other expenses or you solve this mystery, if it takes the whole amount to pay your bribes.
tr	O	The dog turned it about and presented it handle foremost to my left side, which happened to be turned away from him and my stick bore a knob upon one end while the other was plain.
tr	I	As it approached, the rockets of our invisible and widely scattered gunners in the forest below began to explode beneath its rep ray plates.
tr	O	Bowed gravely to Williams and captain Hamilton rose.
tr	O	It strikes me as a providential thing for these people and astronomers on earth looking at her long ago suspected it.
tr	O	Get back to Visin to have one con- structed as quickly as possible and but you must just keep at the mastering of the Rulgen.
tr	I	"General," broke in the young man, ignoring his inquiry, "can you jump into my car and come down to my place on Long Island at once ?
tr	O	Bring them under your heels and suppose you do succeed in this terrible thing; suppose you overrun the Americas.
tr	I	She spoke softly and tittered, but never looked up from her shoes.
tr	I	Gnostes had tied his life upon re- venge — revenge on Prah first and then upon his old masters of the slave-ship.
tr	I	I fell on my forearms and head, among thorns, and rose with a torn ear and bleeding face.
tr	I	Great anxiety prevails in West Surrey, and earthworks are being thrown up to check the advance Londonwards."
tr	I	“Your father wants you to be at the observatory to-night and I intend to be there, so I’ll see you at eight.” .
tr	I	Kromodeor elevated an eye and studied the screen, upon which, to the accompaniment of whistling, shriek- ing sound, whirled and gyrated an interlacing group of serpentine forms.
tr	O	Stop eating our suppers out, we can take a trip every Sunday and every holiday and i have calculated that if we give up all our other amusements, cut down our clothing bill.
tr	O	The red surface shone with a metallic luster but the yellow fire was gone from the spikes.
tr	I	Seconds passed and the smoke became denser, but nothing else happened.
tr	O	Else the powers of the earth have in some manner penetrated its secret or either it was due to the carelessness of some one of our scientists.
tr	I	But Edmund wished Ala to remain outside, and he doubled the furs covering her until she intimated that she no longer felt any dis- comfort from the cold.
tr	O	Sunken than the others, so that one could almost fancy she was hiding eyes, whom especially he hoped to persuade and among his hearers was a girl, with eyelids less red.
tr	O	Retain the higher train- ing and and your cranial capacity precludes the possibility of a brain large enough to receive.
tr	O	Shake until her scales rattled and “when he had spoken there came a tremendous roar- ing that seemed to make the air quiver, then Ishtu began to tremble.
tr	I	I rose hastily', snatched up my life belt, and ran out on deck.
tr	I	“Sure — sit tight and I’ll send a boat after you.”
tr	O	They looked so close and so serious that they thought it best to respect their attitude but of course the balloonists were longing to ask Uncle Prudent and the secretary about all these things.
tr	I	This the latter failed to do, however, and time dragged wearily for the scientist, who hardly dared lift a finger for fear of betraying the fact that he was not a grievously sick man.
tr	O	A thing to laugh at; but he reduced it to laws as potent and as inexorable as the laws of gravitation and it was strange at first.
tr	I	Oh, I know," as I started to speak, "there are a thousand phases of the thing to be worked out, but I am interested now only in this one.
tr	I	People's eyes were opened, and now they would look out for themselves.
tr	O	Closed the door himself and james ordered everyone from the room.
tr	I	Both ascended, denouncing and raging at each other at every step.
tr	I	You know quite well that either a body absorbs light or it reflects or refracts it or does all these things.
tr	O	There is no doubt that they will go on until they have the entire nation by the throat and i be- lieve that they have corrupted the judiciary.
tr	I	The tetter he received had not contained much in- formation, but enough to make him want to know more.
tr	I	Philo, like his predecessor of antiquity of the same name, thought it fitting that Greeks and barbarians alike should share in any absolute good.
tr	O	Leaving me flat and “but what do you know about the darned things quitting.
tr	I	I arrived at the Marsden’s the next evening and was duly presented to my host¬ ess as “Thomas Walters.”
tr	O	Con- densing gases of which had intercepted solar radiation and the most popular explanation was that the solar system had passed THE GREEN GIRL 1117 through a small, dense nebula, the particles.
tr	O	The fresh tang of the sea air greeted him in his dun- geon, and put the color back into his gray cheeks and getting a sledge hammer, he knocked off the fastenings.
tr	I	The air was intensely hot, and we were in great physical discomfort, but for all that we were no longer in a nightmare.
tr	O	That the earth had been in imminent hazard of run- ning foul of the planet Venus and had he ob- served that the moon had quite disappeared.
tr	I	He was heavier and much better muscled.
tr	O	A courageous race but they look upon us as anything.
tr	O	It goes all right and “walk as though we liad oiilj' a notch of pow'er on.
tr	O	This was a favorable circumstance for the maneuver he de- sired to execute and the wind had died away completely.
tr	I	I had dropped my rifle in the short melee, but luckily still retained my long-bladed pocket knife, the best of weapons for close fighting.
tr	O	Faced his accusers with flashing eyes and he leaped to his feet, amazed at the colossal lie.
tr	I	Strange that beauty and evil can be so associated.
tr	O	Vanished as they rose; that is, every time they revolved they were eclipsed because they were so near their primary planet but these moons were never high in the sky.
tr	I	And at the sight of that the fear of Uya returned, and she crept into a thicket of bracken, out of which a rabbit scuttled, and lay awhile to watch the squatting-place.
tr	I	It was large enough now to admit a man and the attackers drew back and one of them began to worm his way through.
tr	I	It’s nearly eleven million million calories, if it goes into heat — enough to turn one hundred and sixty-five thousand tons of ice into steam!
tr	O	Pour about one teaspoonful on the page and next, procure a bottle of fine oil, such as 3-in-l brand.
tr	O	Very flexible, yet massive and columnar neck, supporting a head neither human nor bestial — a head utterly unknown to Terrestrial history or experience and from the monstrous shoulders there rose a rather long.
tr	I	He was still optimistic, but it was a less kinetic, a more thoughful optimism.
tr	I	“Steve, you said that your car was nearly pure iridium on the outside, and that is very inert.
tr	O	My men to either point whence it had been reported and mr. Ward did not think it worth while to dispatch me.
tr	O	Untrammeled — happy." and we could be free.
tr	O	A hum as from a thousand beehives rolled up from the densely packed crowds below and tHE speaker stopped.
tr	I	Either it was due to the carelessness of some one of our scientists, or else the powers of the earth have in some manner penetrated its secret.
tr	O	Did an unprece- dented thing in leaving the hive to investigate for them- selves and they became fearful of our intentions.
tr	O	Receives the cur¬ rent produced by induction and this was placed around the generating tank.
tr	O	A creak, a thud... and and suddenly ther^ was a rustle.
tr	I	At my orders two of them handed their rifles to comrades and tenderly picked up the form of my beloved princess.
tr	I	I managed to get a word to Pedro before he left and I asked him if this duck was the wizard whom he had met years ago.
tr	O	Confident their movements could be and it was only when at last Nunez 85,5 sought to assert himself that he found how easy.
tr	I	And here I have wasted^a day saving your life, and am now wasting an hour explaining myself."
tr	O	Split his head open frightfully and pen, a coarse brutal fellow at all times, rushed so furiously at the beast one day that he fell right against the capstan.
tr	I	Get the fact into the numskull's head, if you can, that he is dealing with Algernon Sidney St. Johnstone and not with one of the common people!"
tr	I	Raycrem Arsm looked up at his ruler: "You understand now why Earth has not responded and why the name of my family is important.
tr	I	At that time the ivriter was correspondent for the Associated Press and he naturally saw a "story” in the returning scientists.
tr	O	Smoke when called upon to do so and what would happen when I could no longer pro- duce fire.
tr	O	Fraud,” said Winter and the amassing of wealth for the organization members, I suppose, through what, as a lawyer, I have always heretofore called theft.
tr	I	I'll get it anyway, .you know — and you also know that a few hundred volts more will kill you."
tr	O	Wary should we be and "and the mightier they are, the more sane.
tr	I	“I’ll have you free in a jiffy; and we can continue our talk down in my shack.”
tr	I	A crew soon becomes enervated by inactivity, combined with positive suffering, and I had made up my mind not to winter till we were in a much more northerly latitude.”
tr	I	His feet were spread wide apart, his massive limbs and chest with their rolling muscles were bared by the single snowy garment that swept back in the wind of his pass- ing.
tr	I	I have calculated that if we give up all our other amusements, cut down our clothing bill and stop eating our suppers out, we can take a trip every Sunday and every holiday.
tr	O	Experienced a far greater buoyancy than any I had yet possessed and immediately I seemed to expand all over my body, BELOW THE INFRA RED 899.
tr	I	But hitherto I have not found the time, or something else has happened to prevent it.
tr	I	It was after two o'clock in the afternoon when he got into the taxi, and the doctor immediately resolved to hear what he might of the remainder of the testimony.
tr	I	He is still talking, and by pressing your ear against the hole you may be able to catch what he says."
tr	I	The side from which they had emerged was lined with double doors, but on the opposite side, Markham was surprised to see the glass display-windows of shops, a long row of them.
tr	O	I want you to be the first and only man to have seen my Self- Serving Table before its introduction to the pub- lic and but now I feel that I have entered the field belonging to me.
tr	I	I carefully wrapped her in my jacket, and sat down beside her to wait for the moonrise.
tr	I	When day came again and the mushrooms sent their columns of fatal dust into the air would they gasp and fight for breath in the red haze that would float like a tenuous cloud above the forest?
tr	I	It looked like it, with its wings and sails — motionless and mysterious in the gathering gloom.
tr	O	A Dick transformed but it was Dick.
tr	O	In capture, nor anything to show what manner of being the unknown assailant had been or there was no evi- dence to show whether the battle had ended in death.
tr	O	Hope you may prove as worthy as your estimable uncle.” and “i am glad, Soo Yong, to have you in the worthless Hai Kee’s place.
tr	O	There were no other shafts; or, which was more probable, perhaps we had been passing doorways so cleverly concealed that they had escaped our notice and perhaps my theory was w'rong.
tr	I	Should you endeavor to escape the mandate, you will be trailed by one of the swiftest air patrol vessels of the Service and shot down without mercy.
tr	I	It would take a little longer than going straight from Station X, but that would be to go with a weak force.
tr	I	Bell’s haggard face and tightly clenched jaws at- tested the terrible suspense he suffered.
tr	I	The bank keeps on file a card with your signature and that of your wife or other person authorized to open the box.
tr	I	I found it in a moment, and the powerful glasses brought every detail so close that it seemed as if I could almost reach out and touch the gleaming railing of the spiral stairway.
tr	I	Yet every now and then the beast would flash out upon me beyond doubt or denial.
tr	O	Refugees have turned outlaws and wires are down, bush swarms with unemployed.
tr	O	Peering at te bird with eyes half shut and "them as talks least says die most sense," said Big Ben, cocking his ead one side.
tr	O	From it there streamed a great green trail of light, stretch- ing gigantically across the heavens and like a huge, glowing emerald of fire it was.
tr	O	See how much they know and i’m going to grab off one of those folks.
tr	I	But whoever or whatever it is that comes through it must wait until the moon has risen higher, or else it must come from a distance.
tr	I	The car was much too light for the pace it was main- taining, and it slipped and skidded around the curves at unslackened speed.
tr	I	As for the Thon, we know not whence it comes, we only know it fills all space and permeates all things.
tr	O	That was all that I could get out of him but i tried to pump him.
tr	O	The main body was deflected and changed its orbit but "now listen to this: when Biela's comet divided in 1845, the smaller fragment continued in its old course.
tr	I	Next morning at early dawn, Hatteras and his com- panions, well armed, went out to reconnoiter the state of the snow.
tr	O	Diminuendo of signal tappings on the distant rock walls; the confused murmur of grunting conversation; the' drone of air- planes going to and fro in the great cave-ways and we heard the faint crescendo.
tr	O	A bull with an intelli- gent face but the head of a bull.
tr	I	It sent me into the air in a rainbow loop which was fully ten feet high and fifteen feet long.
tr	I	I will send you to the palace at once and you can await the arrival of Comrade Balinsky.
tr	O	Hurtling through passes at top speed and then he changed the course several times dropping deep into mountain valleys.
tr	O	With a rush like water through an opened sluice-way the enclosed stream poured upward through the open- ing and the wall of the tunnel was split asunder, a great rent appeared.
tr	I	Mr. Barclay has a num- ber of ingenious ideas on this subject himself, and has woven them into an excellent story of scientific importance — all based on sound basic possibilities.
tr	I	This link motion controls the cut-ofE and the reverse, and the throttle here permits you to give the engine any head of gas.
tr	I	It was only when at last Nunez 85,5 sought to assert himself that he found how easy and confident their movements could be.
tr	O	The density of the haze had begun to decrease, so that we could see 522 AMAZING STORIES the crystal monster dimly through it and the eastern sky was brightening.
tr	O	He got a nasty crack but “he’ll live, probably.
tr	O	A single long dash was sent on its way, hurtling with the speed of light towards its goal, 82,000,000 miles away and hargraves pressed a key of the twelve-keyed keyboard used.
tr	I	You solve this mystery, if it takes the whole amount to pay your bribes or any other expenses.
tr	I	True, we leave our bodies, not because they are worn out, but because our appointed time has come.
tr	I	“Wild tribesmen might not be able to, but we are a civilization.
tr	I	There was no evi- dence to show whether the battle had ended in death or in capture, nor anything to show what manner of being the unknown assailant had been.
tr	O	Another great ray on opposite sides of Triton — Is it not possible that we alone might be able to halt that ray?" and we saw that ray.
tr	I	When I ordered this machine, I thought about all that and so I bought a phonograph with a clock attachment.
tr	O	His skin had a reddish cast that glistened with a coppery sheen in the sunlight and he was without clothing.
tr	O	I stepped out into the firelight before them and “i do,” I said in the language of Ahm.
tr	I	And eery was that sight to Marlin and myself, as we stepped silently into and across the great sleep-compartment.
tr	O	The plaster was filling the air with a fine dust and turning, he saw that the chimney had been struck.
tr	O	They don’t like overtime work here where we are and "the quitting-whistle’s going to blow in five minutes.
tr	I	Perhaps the doctor antici- pated this, for he now produced a book that apparently combined a treatise on the structure of the eye, and a sales catalogue for the strange instrument.
tr	I	And late that evening, just as we were about to give up and retire for the night, his patience was rewarded.
tr	I	Like a huge, glowing emerald of fire it was, and from it there streamed a great green trail of light, stretch- ing gigantically across the heavens.
tr	O	When it reaches maturity it will at once assume a position of renown in a scientific and educational world but of course the child will be rather unusual for a few years.
tr	O	Perfecting devices for traveling in it." and "by verifying time as a fourth dimension.
tr	O	Started this underground domain and “after the impact, caused by the error in our estimation of your earth’s atmospheric density, we eventually burrowed out.
tr	I	One of these swarthy fellows arose and lurched after him, closing the door behind him as he entered the smaller room further back.
tr	O	I'll Save as many in it as I can but my ark will be the only one.
tr	O	Rigged on to the balloon itself with a network in the customary manner and beneath the centre of the balloon was a frame of light wood, about nine feet long.
tr	I	"Dana wrote the story of her own experiences, and I fear I could not do the tale justice.
tr	I	Just the same I cursed myself for a stupid fool for not hav- ing provided for any contingency and especially for not having arranged a series of signals with Hazen.
tr	I	"An earthquake would have lasted longer and besides, my room wasn't even touched.
tr	O	Your judgment is as good as mine and “this is a new game to me.
tr	I	We didn’t know what to do, so he suggested that I get a position as express messen- ger and change a shipment of true gold with our false gold.
tr	I	Or, — wilder and wilder thoughts were racing through my brain — were all the various human races repre- sented in atomic-sized individuals?
tr	I	I lis suggestion seemed, I say, an impossible dream to her on that day, but the next day they talked about it again, and it was strangely less impossible.
tr	I	Slowly he raised his arm and gripped the lever that was to open the gates of the twenty greatest canals that the world had ever seen.
tr	O	Step into.nothingness in the room and people passed them, seemed to walk into the screen.
tr	O	Sat down beside her to wait for the moonrise and i carefully wrapped her in my jacket.
tr	I	Out into the rain he went, and across to the great government building.
tr	O	Cabins that were set back a little distance from the shore and several Elsians who walked by the shore of the lake ran in affright for their homes — mere huts.
tr	O	Stood shyly awaiting his approval and she returned a few moments later.
tr	I	My stick bore a knob upon one end while the other was plain and the dog turned it about and presented it handle foremost to my left side, which happened to be turned away from him.
tr	I	A bottle of mucilage was selected for the demon¬ stration and was placed between the electrodes.
tr	I	The others laughed and threw themselves at full length on the ground to rest and sleep a couple of hours while I shouldered my rifle and fell to walking.
tr	I	He dreamed of his ship, the Forward, and of the traitors that had burned it.
tr	O	Throw the missile in exactly the opposite direction and suppose you get one of them in your mechanical hand, then take careful sight toward the flyer.
tr	I	With this difference to explain, the rich man from the West called in the aid of the most noted authority on geriatrics, or the diseases of old age.
tr	O	Are consequently gigantic birds possessing an intelli- gence on a par with the inhabitants of your planet and “mercury is inhabited by reptiles, Venus by intelli- gent beings who have developed through the birds.
tr	I	"It simply van- ished when it left the solar disc and that would show that it's outside the atmosphere.
tr	I	John seemed very depressed and told Jim that he greatly re- gretted having shown the Ampu the war pictures.
tr	I	A thunderstorm gathered and broke furiously, and then the night became beautifully cool and quiet and every one slept on deck.
tr	O	The population had all gone out of the capital to a vast plain a few miles away surrounded by mag- nificent forests and the sovereign, the royal family, the masculine and feminine army.
tr	O	Left with an apology and king led us directly to the last row of seats.
tr	O	The planet itself seemed to shake and then came a titanic roar.
tr	O	Then the most horrible questionings came rushing into my mind and i stood overcome by this amazing realisation.
tr	I	Wires are down, bush swarms with unemployed and refugees have turned outlaws.
tr	I	I think that in two weeks from now my lawyers will be ready to understand my plan in all its ramifications and start the necessary negotiations.”
tr	I	Still it seemed to me that sane human beings were likely at this moment to be engaged in reconstructive work instead of wasting valuable time and energy in making useless aerial toys.
tr	I	It was growing very fast, and developing remarkable characteristics.
tr	I	It was cutting the metal rapidly now, not burning it, but blowing it to one side, perfectly fluid.
tr	I	412 AMAZING STORIES “Why, I don’t see a thing, Steve—where and what is it?”
tr	O	Are — in Ireland." and iS eyes were bright, dream filled; she shrank a little from him, faint pallor under the perfect "I say to you, Yolara, that these things were.
tr	I	I'll bet fourteen levels were caved in over in that section and I know of three air-conditioning plants that'll be out of commission from the blast.
tr	I	Professor Haskell made one last gesture to detain me when he saw that I had met with success and would soon be free.
tr	I	For a few moments they both stood in silence, and contemplated land and sea; then, having given a last glance over the dreary panorama, they pre- pared to wend their way down the mountain.
tr	I	The voyage presented no great difficulties, the drift-ice be- ing easily avoided; but still the Doctor thought it ad- visable, in case of possible delays, to limit the rations to one-half.
tr	O	The sledge, just as if it had expanded a huge white wing, was in a little while carried far away beyond the horizon and the sail was quickly hoisted.
tr	O	We haven’t anything like your range but “our system of power transmission is more or less like yours.
tr	O	My enthusiastic townspeople were bent on celebrating my return in a befitting manner and it seems that word had traveled around that I came back to life.
tr	O	Death rarely occurs, unless in accident or battle, until the mind becomes so weakened that it can no longer command the forces of the body." and disease is un- known.
tr	I	We turned our faces upward almost simultaneously, and gasped to see the disc of a planet swinging between us and the star-spangled blackness of space.
tr	O	Knowing those two...” “Stop it and but knowing myself.
tr	I	She leant upon the wall, and he sat upon it so that he could keep an eye open for any returning dogs.
tr	O	The Death of the Tenant FOR eight months or so Remington Solander was busier than he had ever been in his life and the Building of the Monument.
tr	O	Whatever it was, he could have confidence in the kindly but just what Graham's plan was in regard to the girl's eyes, f did not know.
tr	I	But, what I called for was to tell you that I am leaving for home right away^ and that good old Prof. Nilsson is coming for dinner and is bringing Zora and Dorothy with him.
tr	O	Bring them here and and I managed to kidnap them from their rooms.
tr	O	You can await the arrival of Comrade Balinsky and i will send you to the palace at once.
tr	O	Down, which requires a third dimension or they would have no knowledge of up.
tr	O	Descended the black pillar which be- gan to lose its form, becoming indistinct in spots and and as the red cone turned crimson, great bands of violet- red ascended.
tr	I	She took his face between her small soft hands and searched his eyes with a sort of breathless intentness that puzzled him.
tr	I	"Tell them," he said to the interpreter, "that I have many other powers and magics which I will show them if they will give me time."
tr	O	It threat- ened to spread all over the country and it almost wrecked the rabbit industry of California.
tr	I	I can conceive nothing more sublimating than the strange peril and novelty of an adventure such as this.
tr	O	Start the necessary negotiations.” and i think that in two weeks from now my lawyers will be ready to understand my plan in all its ramifications.
tr	I	“That is a very lucid explanation, Miss Adah,” he said, “and I have no doubt that Dune is in Heaven, but to me it is just as clear as mud.”
tr	I	That will be the full and scientific report, of which this is only the popular first trans- script.
tr	I	and he crumpled the paper to a tight ball and threw it under the table.
tr	O	Groan," said Jones, with hesitation and "well, sir, I didn't care to interfere when I heard that scuffle.
tr	I	Bob, me lad, but thanks for what you've told me."
tr	I	All our efforts were expended in preventing ourselves from either bumping into the wall or into each other.
tr	I	If the black robes rise and strike, my people will fight OF TAPAJOS neither for them nor against them for they do not hate the rulers who are kind to them, yet love them not.
tr	O	Was replaced by a soft hissing produced by the rapid movement of the liquid roof and the roar of the waterfall was almost inaudible.
tr	I	Hence the great triumphs of ultron and inertron, our two wonderful synthetic elements, built up from super- balanced and sub-balanced ultronic whorls, through the sub-electronic order into the atomic and molecular.
tr	O	He noticed with interest that several were cheating with their Euclid riders by means of a crib, a com¬ pilation whose existence he had hitherto never sus¬ pected and they were preparing their evening tasks.
tr	I	After a few more sarcastic comments, the New York papers completely forgot about it, and devoted themselves to waging war against the Anti-Tobacco League.
tr	O	Some other telltale sound that would prove the correctness of his theory or he listened for the purr of a motor.
tr	O	That does not quite express my meaning but i say badly off.
tr	I	It almost wrecked the rabbit industry of California and it threat- ened to spread all over the country.
tr	O	Soon afterwards Cape Bellot, so named from the brave young French officer who perished in the English expedition and on the 30th of June, Cape Walker came in sight.
tr	I	We can muster only about three hundred effectives all told, but we'll see what we " There was a raucous crash and then silence from the communicator.
tr	I	"I didn't learn a great deal about the particular prob- lem that he was working on, but some of the things he gave me to work out were cautions.
tr	I	Disease is un- known and death rarely occurs, unless in accident or battle, until the mind becomes so weakened that it can no longer command the forces of the body."
tr	I	"And the mightier they are, the more sane and wary should we be.
tr	I	There was not a living thing visible, but there was light coming from what looked like a. heap of coal, burning with great brilliance, in the center of the floor.
tr	O	That row of monstrous teeth and look at his hideous jaws.
tr	O	Deeply in his throat and "we need a new thermostat for the primate'3 cage," said Johnssen, the words rumbling slowly.
tr	I	There's a dim half -memory of being lifted up to the gang- way, and of a big red countenance covered with freckles and surrounded with red hair staring at me over the bulwarks.
tr	O	I'll tell you how the trick was done." and send him over, Chief.
tr	I	But my means are entirely sufficient to carry out the work and I have an extremely capable force of assistants.
tr	O	To get food and she had been cunning from the first, cunning to please Uya.
tr	O	Threw themselves at full length on the ground to rest and sleep a couple of hours while I shouldered my rifle and fell to walking and the others laughed.
tr	O	I pulled the reverse and at that point the image appeared normal.
tr	O	The seamen followed and he walked on unheeding.
tr	O	A great pressure seemed pushing down upon me, so that I felt I should be crushed and i had been thrown to the floor in a corner.
tr	O	So on through the entire length of the Canal and before the mo- mentum has been expended, the next tower is reached, which pushes the water on to the next one.
tr	I	“Get ’em,” he directed briefly, and while she w'as gone he searched Margaret, without result save for the cartridges in her pistol, as she had no jewelry remain- ing after her imprisonment.
tr	O	He took my cold hand without a word, pressing it warmly and ubca stood at the door.
tr	I	THE die was cast, and Larry hastened to be sure of Una.
tr	I	Some were bathing in exactly the place where I had saved Weena, and that suddenly gave me a keen stab of pain.
tr	O	Out into the courtyard and running back through the shimmering corri- dors.
tr	I	I began to get panicky, but controlled myself and started to walk, feeling the reassuring pull of the rope behind me.
tr	O	Insisted on talking to him and and, heedless of Ramon's detachment, I seized his shoulder, shook him into consciousness.
tr	I	Mr. Ward did not think it worth while to dispatch me and my men to either point whence it had been reported.
tr	I	“Its walls were smooth and white and gleaming.
tr	I	, I haven’t seen him since the accident, or discovery, whichever it was, hajjpened.
tr	O	Won’t hurt anything and they don’t interfere with any- thing solid, though.
tr	O	Then burned the letter and this person also marked the date on his calendar.
tr	O	Came back to tell vs all about it and but oiir travelers gel through all their troubles in the end.
tr	I	Hector Servadac mute and motionless, stood with folded arms.
tr	O	Manned, each with two Terrestrial officers and one Callistonian gunner and the new vessel did not make another voyage until nine sister ships were ready.
tr	I	But we mocked the wind happily, for well we knew that no cold and cruel winter wind would find us in the hills.
tr	I	And your cranial capacity precludes the possibility of a brain large enough to receive and retain the higher train- ing.
tr	I	Tell her that we love her and want her to be a brave girl.
tr	I	We have spread the news of your Paris success and the fact that you are now due here, but they feel that you can’t be everywhere at once.
tr	O	For a moment the forgotten horrors of childhood came back to my mind and that black figure with its eyes of fire struck down through all my adult thoughts and feel- ings.
tr	O	Solitary and under no conditions would he permit an attendant to remove his glove and he grew more morose.
tr	O	Its purpose had been made clear, “this whole matter is beyond my experience and “gentlemen,” he said when the conference had assem- bled.
tr	I	It will be a rather pretty legal fight, but finally you will be decided the winner.
tr	I	When the cruiser had anchored, Captain Evered sent a boat and radioed that Professor Rudge and I-Iughes should come on board, with Jones and the attendant.
tr	O	Fish abounded, while edible fruits and berries served to keep down sickness, which would surely have followed a meat diet and "we were truly in a Garden of Eden, for game.
tr	O	Tail flying wildly in the wind, as though racing through the air at top speed and in the foreground was a low tower, topped with a weathervane representing a- horse with mane.
tr	O	I met a crowd on the 110 AMAZING STORIES beach, drying, salting and loading cod-fish, the principal article of exportation but i saw but few inhabitants during my excursion.
tr	O	Now the cathode rays were streaming before them, a great shield of flaming blue light but again they attacked.
tr	I	Of course the balloonists were longing to ask Uncle Prudent and the secretary about all these things, but they looked so close and so serious that they thought it best to respect their attitude.
tr	O	Of the Ionian Islands that were under England's protec- tion, there seems to be but little left." but not only has Malta been entirely lost.
tr	O	Meteors, and-” “Never mind all them,” Tubby interrupted hastily and and there are Comets.
tr	I	Where the gold got out and that copper got in, hydrogen gas could get in too.
tr	I	And how I had passed rap- idly from one stratum of cloudland to another, finally entering the twilight zone, crashing into some unseen object, and later losing consciousness.
tr	O	Touched it to the core of the cable and ham- ilton seized the exposed end of the wire in his mittened hand.
tr	O	There seems to be a slight possibility that some of them may yet be rescued but the fate of the others is still unknown.
tr	O	This menagerie of monstrosities and tHE TISSUE CULTURE KING 453 ness.
tr	I	Except for an occa- sional sound in the yellow-lit forecastle and a move- ment of the animals now and then, the night was very still.
tr	I	Rushing over to the door he locked it and then returned to his visitor.
tr	I	"We need an emergency nurse at once, and only a woman will answer.
tr	O	Westward it was hid- and the coast fell away from me to the east.
tr	O	I confusion that comes with time traveling and the Further Vision (( T HAVE already told you of the sickness.
tr	O	All the connections were right and though the storage battery was fully charged.
tr	I	"Over twelve hours, but less than thirteen and a half at six hundred miles an hour," he reflected.
tr	O	Seemed trying to understand and the girl stopped.
tr	O	Finally you will be decided the winner but it will be a rather pretty legal fight.
tr	O	We shall be ready to go on board fay to-morroWf'y'e- ' plied my uncle, with a peculiar smile. „ and "yes, You must take another day's rest.
tr	O	Anyone else making this hazardous trip or i did not then, nor do I now, approve of you.
tr	O	Occasional smears of blood on the leaves of the shrubs and undergrowth and it was plain enough at first on account of the crushed and broken bushes, white rags torn from the puma's bandages.
tr	I	Bring me a bacon and egg sandwich and a bottle of coffee when you have finished.”
tr	I	It surely could not have re- mained in the air all this time, and it could not have rested on the waves during the downpour from the sky ! .
tr	I	He mentions this fact to Bedford, and in the course of the conversa- tion, new plans and ideas are developed.
tr	I	"If I stay here another minute I'll see that thing as long as I live ; and I might be very ill.
tr	O	Angry; squint¬ ing around I saw him struggling violently to get to his feet and the O’Keefe voice was both outraged.
tr	O	Just opposite that of the fat man, whom he could see sitting glumly in the corner as he went into his own room and burgess’ stateroom was at the middle of the corridor.
tr	O	Radioed that Professor Rudge and I-Iughes should come on board, with Jones and the attendant and when the cruiser had anchored, Captain Evered sent a boat.
tr	O	He was to remember it forty days later but perhaps, when the effect of vour experience has—ah — worn off—" Weyl gazed at him in astonishment at this sugges- tion.
tr	O	I did not know that levitation was one of your specialties,” remarked Crane with mock gravity but “i knew that you were a sleight-of-hand expert, Dick.
tr	I	Send him over, Chief, and I'll tell you how the trick was done."
tr	I	In a few minutes the fragments crashed into the satellite, scattering themselves over mountain, crater and dead sea bottom.
tr	O	Has woven them into an excellent story of scientific importance — all based on sound basic possibilities and mr. Barclay has a num- ber of ingenious ideas on this subject himself.
tr	I	We finally rounded a projecting corner and beheld a sight such as no humans had ever seen before.
tr	O	Applied a little power and seaton made his way to the power-plant, lifted in one of the remaining bars.
tr	O	We no longer walk a mote Day-lighted by a tiny sun?.For and but can the Universes mourn When transient lives like ours are done.
tr	O	Rosonoff joined me and while I washed, Lloyd.
tr	O	Unobserved, slunk back into the covering grass and carnes slowly lowered his gun.
tr	O	Moved toward a doorway a few paces away and he turned reluctantly.
tr	I	Gradually, now a drop and then a drop, the languid fall of large, warm raindrops that would drip from the moisture-laden skies all through the night began.
tr	O	It would be a pity to lose the chance of using him and and Crane added quickly: “He undoubtedly knows more about it than I do.
tr	I	Again the “Terrestrian” floated lightly in the air out- side the hangar, and again the pile of ingots leaped into the air to hang motionless, suspended by the gravity beam.
tr	I	This latter prop- erty it shared with all of him, except for the granules in his skeleton and for the dark mass that was his brain.
tr	I	They became fearful of our intentions and did an unprece- dented thing in leaving the hive to investigate for them- selves !
tr	I	Damn me if I see any difference between a frog and a snake, and one of the nicest women I ever knew had two pet pythons that followed her around like kittens.
tr	O	You can’t talk back, because your bubble will lose its shape if you do and “i’ve got you foul now—I can say anything I want to.
tr	I	Even if I cannot solve the puzzle of the laws and forces that enabled the pre-Incas to cut and erect their titanic structures, still I may make epochal discoveries in the line of optics.
tr	O	Have verified all these statements and i have visited Emerson in company with E.
tr	I	They are both well and happy, and asked that I come to you with their message."
tr	I	“Mercury is inhabited by reptiles, Venus by intelli- gent beings who have developed through the birds, and are consequently gigantic birds possessing an intelli- gence on a par with the inhabitants of your planet.
tr	O	It be- came more and more obvious that the earth, on her new orbit, was about to cross the orbit of Venus and during the ensuing days the distance between the two planets continued to decrease.
tr	O	Some one, could come with the night squad or then he settled back in his chair to wait until Blair.
tr	O	I brushed all that aside but he stammered something about indifference to wealth.
tr	O	Whence came you?" and one could read upon it the question: "Who are you.
tr	I	People passed them, seemed to walk into the screen and step into .nothingness in the room.
tr	I	TOM went at once to his home, greeted his wife rather casually, changed to his working clothes and reported to the warehouse for work.
tr	I	HERSCHEL clearly ascertained that these rings are composed of rocky strata, the skeletons of former globes, lying in a state of wild and ghastly con- fusion, but not devoid of mountains and seas.
tr	I	I was still sitting in the chair, but I thought myself actually dead, withered, tattered, dried, one eye (I saw) pecked out by birds.
tr	O	A cot completed the furnishings and a few chairs, a table.
tr	I	“Suppose he might have shot himself before her, as she says — ^what’s the difference whether she heard him with her head straight or her head turned?”
tr	I	My ears were smitten with a clap of thunder that left me deaf on one side for life, and all about me win- dows smashed, unheeded.
tr	I	The increase of knowledge will tend to develop yo.ur minds, but you must ever remember that the two things are entirely separate entities."
tr	O	He stumbled over the mummy cases which protruded here and there from niches in the walls and the place was honeycombed with narrow galleries running at right angles to each other.
tr	O	Get a ruling from the courts and i intend to register this just as it is.
tr	O	The night came and they put the little baby to sleep and told her that on the morrow she was going to have a fine nurse with a starched cap to nurse her and so the day passed.
tr	I	The condensation of the nebula, 845 846 AMAZING STORIES he declared, -was likely to begin any minute, and the downpour would be so fierce that a person might be drowned in the open field.
tr	O	He also h confidence in his abilities as a first-rate busi- ness man but what Went Before SEDFORD is a writer.
tr	I	Moura explained that there were, but that his race used other resources as well.
tr	I	My ark will be the only one, but I'll Save as many in it as I can.
tr	O	Were raising the big globe from the ground and phere of the craft, were sending powerful beams of energy downward.
tr	I	We heard the faint crescendo and diminuendo of signal tappings on the distant rock walls ; the confused murmur of grunting conversation ; the' drone of air- planes going to and fro in the great cave-ways.
tr	I	They are an older race, and so much better in science and mechanics that the Osnomians wouldn't have stood much chance, and knew it.
tr	O	The resulting disease was also absolutely new to medical science and it was truly an unknown type of cancer cell.
tr	O	Built and tested during the past three days and but the Humph- The ries-Dugald Finder had been designed.
tr	I	I had for the past few years always managed, to arrive home on the first Saturday of the month, and they had come to expect me on that day.
tr	I	I exhibited the flat guinea pig and called attention to the transposed eyes and feet of Gyp.
tr	O	That of your wife or other person authorized to open the box and the bank keeps on file a card with your signature.
tr	O	A surly one at that and wilson showed every sign of being a martinet.
tr	I	‘The devil’s in the basket,’ I said, and suddenly twisted it out of his hand.
tr	O	He rose and groped about the toilet-table and he could find none.
tr	I	The squadron attempted to change its course and dodge the barrier in front of it.
tr	I	James ordered everyone from the room and closed the door himself.
tr	I	At that point the image appeared normal, and I pulled the reverse.
tr	I	One morning near Midsummer-day, there was a new minor official upon the flying stage, and Den- ton's place was to know him no more.
tr	I	Long unused roads, which had in past ages been smooth and heavily traveled, were now broken and twisted by the sub-surface convulsions of a planet in its death throes.
tr	I	I stood overcome by this amazing realisation; and then the most horrible questionings came rushing into my mind.
tr	O	Report the facts to me and “make a list of the missing books.
tr	I	The ‘receptor disc’ in reality, is made of two plates of bakelite an inch or so thick, separated by a space of twelve inches.
tr	O	There arc some ver\- peculiar features about this outbreak.” but “ordinarily it would be.
tr	O	Different from any I had ever seen before but it was some kind of an aircraft, I judged.
tr	O	Theories," commented Dr. Unsinn in an injured tone and „ "if you're trying to be facetious there's no use THE MAN WHO COULD VANISH 903 in my attempting to explain my ideas.
tr	I	THE speaker stopped, and a hum as from a thousand beehives rolled up from the densely packed crowds below.
tr	I	Bits of wood tossed against his skin now and then and once a dead fish struck coldly against his face, but he swam on dodging and diving — always making for shore.
tr	I	He saw the moon and then he saw lurid flames suddenly leap out of it.
tr	I	The sun, pouring warmly in, bathed it with light and reflected from bevelled edges in rainbow colored strips.
tr	I	Beside the throne stood Pelug, the thin, scrawny man, with scraggy yellow beard and glittering eyes, green and snake-like.
tr	O	It may be that civilization — as we know and value it — will be extinct before disease calls a halt down here but “there’s some gratification in that knowledge.
tr	O	On the other a surly orang and no doubt on one side of him would be a monkey begging for peanuts.
tr	O	Fell, landing on his back, with his neck on the footrest of the shoe shining machine and just then he slipped on one of the wooden mats.
tr	I	Burl's fel- low tribesmen sometimes came upon a cocoon just about to open, and waited patiently beside it until the beautiful creature within broke through its inatted shell and came out into the sunlight.
tr	I	These are very slight, but are constantly building up a supply of stray impulses, completely filling the earth’s atmospheric en-
tr	I	This is an average of 2,300 miles an hour and may seem excessive, but in reality it is a low speed, as speeds go in the universe.
tr	I	He was without clothing and his skin had a reddish cast that glistened with a coppery sheen in the sunlight.
tr	O	Drill, Miss Hinton, please and (continued from page 911) bone pegs.
tr	O	All of us are in it and it is this; we are in what you call a bad boat.
tr	I	The other was smaller, but stocky and strong.
tr	I	Legally I have the lab- oratory in which to work, which your Company main- tains, and whatever amount of personal income I wish to draw.
tr	O	I was look- ing at the moon and the eye-piece of the telescope grew large, covered the whole ground-glass screen.
tr	O	Knew that he was content and each night before I fell asleep I gave a little prayer for the old man.
tr	O	I for one don’t relish the job.” and “if tomorrow doesn’t bring sun,” said John, with that wry smile of his, “one of us will have to feed him.
tr	I	Remember the year we tied the Silk Sox for the pennant, and had to play an extra post-season series?
tr	I	The bag was still half full of the strange gems, some of them glowing like miniature lamps in the dark depths, and he made no effort to appraise them.
tr	I	Perhaps, when the effect of vour experience has—ah — worn off—" Weyl gazed at him in astonishment at this sugges- tion, but he was to remember it forty days later.
tr	O	Snap as though a hand had broken it — but no hand was there and i saw a flower- ing branch bend.
tr	O	Looked at my watch, the hour hand pointed to ten and when 1 awoke.
tr	I	That no such theory was ad- vanced was doubtless due to the fact that this new ray, discovered by Mr. Henderson, acts only upon the brain and leaves no trace that is discernible to the naked eye.
tr	I	Neil shut the set off on the pro- test of the old man, and the doctor opportunely arrived at that moment to examine his patient.
tr	O	Whatever amount of personal income I wish to draw and legally I have the lab- oratory in which to work, which your Company main- tains.
tr	I	At last the man observed the puncture and turned the can over and there the trail ended.”
tr	I	The state thinks well of its people, and knows how to keep them content.
tr	I	They moved out of our way and kept their eyes upon us until we had passed; then they resumed their feeding.
tr	O	Then turn aside with a flush that became a bitterly cynical smile and he had seen him move forward quickly, as though to ask her to come back — move forward.
tr	I	It was then that he suspected, missed his dagger, and saw through the trick.
tr	I	“But some of us will be neutrals, most likely, and they can see that the rest of us fight fair.
tr	O	Reported to the warehouse for work and tOM went at once to his home, greeted his wife rather casually, changed to his working clothes.
tr	O	While the court questioned each of the three in turn and i waited with no little anxiety, while a lengthy document was reait.
tr	O	Yet could not and he wanted to believe.
tr	O	Credible enough,” said Grif- fin, putting the serviette aside and “it’s simple enough —.
tr	O	Gripped the lever that was to open the gates of the twenty greatest canals that the world had ever seen and slowly he raised his arm.
tr	I	I had never seen anything like it or even resembling it.
tr	O	His fiancee failed to put in an appearance and first the Villac Vmu.
tr	O	That would be to go with a weak force but it would take a little longer than going straight from Station X.
tr	O	We of Earth!" or cHAPTER XV "You of Neptune.
tr	O	If you wish it, for the sake of propriety, we will be married in the three-dimensional world." and and besides, Phil and I have been united in the two-dimensional world.
tr	I	It was the blade that seemed to withdraw reluc¬ tantly from the padding of the protector or with a pur¬ ring rip, that left new welts, from the skin.
tr	O	Subsequently cooled and solidified and “another possibility it that the cracks became filled with molten metal which oozed up from within the moon.
tr	O	Friend, Hugh Brooke, has an interest in an English film company, arrived in the United States on Sept 7 for a ten- day sojourn to study American film production and frank, who with his companion.
tr	O	Barbarians alike should share in any absolute good and philo, like his predecessor of antiquity of the same name, thought it fitting that Greeks.
tr	I	In business and finance he was but a child, and by trickery and stock manipula- tion he quickly found himself ousted from control.
tr	O	Of a knife ripping through the mattress where Bell had lain a few.seconds before and there came the sound of a sudden spring.
tr	I	“Another possibility it that the cracks became filled with molten metal which oozed up from within the moon and subsequently cooled and solidified.
tr	O	He felt sure that these were none of the Neloia but he could not imke otit the words at the distance.
tr	I	Perhaps my theory was w'rong, and there were no other shafts; or, which was more probable, perhaps we had been passing doorways so cleverly concealed that they had escaped our notice.
tr	I	you might have halted the whole thing if you had confessed the truth to Rollins, and spent your life with her on good old earth. . . ."
tr	O	Then the beast would flash out upon me beyond doubt or denial and yet every now.
tr	I	We smashed up the lot, cleared the gas away, and then came down and smashed ourselves.
tr	O	The strange light bathed him also and presently he stopped.
tr	O	I do say they are not the sort of programs to loud-speak from a tomb in a cemetery but i don't say that the people who like them are not entitled to them.
tr	O	Off the machine will go and presently I am going to press the lever.
tr	I	The Building of the Monument and the Death of the Tenant FOR eight months or so Remington Solander was busier than he had ever been in his life.
tr	O	With the squandering of public funds over it and it was therefore the time to strike and charge them with having taken the joke seriously.
tr	I	The many power units to drive and sup- port the ship were finished and waiting instalment as the party quit work on that fourth evening.
tr	I	"I read something about it, but I don't profess to understand it," I replied.
tr	I	These green stars — I’ve seen none these five or six days, but I’ve no doubt they’re falling somewhere every night.
tr	O	Delayed orders of the government commanding materials for the navy and the air fleet or cosmo Versal's pressing orders, accom- panied by cash, displaced.
tr	O	You can imagine my surprise when I picked up the fragment of a time-hallowed wall and i cleared away some loose earth.
tr	I	"Well, sir, I didn't care to interfere when I heard that scuffle and groan," said Jones, with hesitation.
tr	I	At last I saw the ripple of water ahead, and a plan, a last expedient, flashed into my mind.
tr	O	The confusion of the household robbed of its governing hand, added to his misery and austin was left in a daze by the unexpectedness of it.
tr	O	Take a look at her and “let’s go down.
tr	I	She tried to explain; but the nearest he could gather was that she looked upon the Wieroo almost as supernatural beings.
tr	I	That gives him the whole smear and gets rid of his rival too.
tr	I	Just before the edge of the sun itself appeared, a number of smaller protuberances, fantastic in shape and brilliant pink in color, shot above the horizon.
tr	I	Many of us realized that Earth was no longer beautiful; but if beauty meant death; better life in the sterility of the metropolis.
tr	O	Tenderly picked up the form of my beloved princess and at my orders two of them handed their rifles to comrades.
tr	I	“He acted like any other boy, but he did seem to understand things remarkably well.”
tr	I	We can not leave the car, and there is no great joy in exploring a planet unless you can really get out and stand upon its surface.
tr	O	The hut disintegrated in six leaps; only the coni- cal roof continued to skim on into the grey distance but 1 never saw what happened to the telephone oiierator.
tr	I	He would probably become wealthy as a side issue, but he resolved never to use his tremendous fame as a lever to hoist himself into a vast fortune in the world of the theatre.
tr	O	Few exceptions, took up their abodes alternately at the poles, when it was night for six months but the comparatively few remaining inhabitants of Earth, with.
tr	I	This time he was accompanied by several other similar individuals, under the direction of an elderly person, dressed in a gorgeous yellow and black striped cloak, who seemed to be in command.
tr	O	After the proper ceremonies took our places and we had no difficulty in gaining admission.
tr	I	For two days the Forward struggled with the flames, and you know the rest.”
tr	I	“I’ve got you foul now—I can say anything I want to, and you can’t talk back, because your bubble will lose its shape if you do.
tr	I	It appeared to be dotted with villages; and occasionally the towers of a considerable city were visible.
tr	O	Not the Estha we thought we knew but no wonder — for the figure before us was that of Estha.
tr	I	The other three were fairies scarcely different than the con- ventional type you see in story-books, with dainty, beau- tifully formed bodies and big butterfly wings.
tr	I	We re- were wholly devoid of green, and the flowers, so *Error.
tr	O	His surprise turned to sheer fright and amazement and with trepidation he looked down at his own body to see where the tentacles had come from.
tr	I	His men crowded around him to help finish the most hated general of the Plutocracy, but he waved them away.
tr	O	Reducing our size until we were about one-half our original size and he demonstrated accordingly by starting the propeller.
tr	I	To tread over them is one thing — they are protected by the sand and pebbles and our feet do not press or crush what is beneath and between them.
tr	I	It may be one of those things that are a theoretical possibility, but a practical absurdity.
tr	I	Dennison re- plied in Russian and they hurried back to the camp.
tr	O	'Dobe and not palm or thatch." or but I'll swear the buildings were stone.
tr	O	Thrice smoke; but noth- ing ever touched the island and five times I saw sails.
tr	I	He could scarce drag his eyes from the mar- velous sight, but turned quickly at a shout from Ray and Eddie.
tr	O	I feel awfully weird inside and i feel light, like a toy bal- loon.
tr	I	He had watched me narrowly, perhaps had kept his eyes upon me through some hidden peep-hole or opening, and had seen me remove my coat, and while I slept had seized it.
tr	O	Dipped a generous portion from the nearby stream and "feeling unusually thirsty, most likely the after ef- fects of the drug, I got out my collapsible drinking cup.
tr	I	They walked about her, and ever and again the Snail-Eater, whose name she had given, would laugh and strike her with his ashen spear.
tr	O	Be- came very violent, accompanied by whirling eddies of snow and but on Thursday, the Sth, the wind shifted to S.E.
tr	O	Beautiful valley in hopes of finding a city but we followed it carefully down a long.
tr	I	It was evident to Moura that Atun Wei was impressed strongly by this statement, and consequently took upon himself another increase in stature.
tr	I	The comparatively few remaining inhabitants of Earth, with but few exceptions, took up their abodes alternately at the poles, when it was night for six months.
tr	O	Measured almost exactly seven thousand miles from New York and their course as laid out, passed directly over New Orleans.
tr	O	I was dropped flat on my back in the mud and the machete flashed.
tr	O	Was duly presented to my host¬ ess as “Thomas Walters.” and i arrived at the Marsden’s the next evening.
tr	I	Our globe, the only object which caught my view in immensity, seemed ready to be annihilated, and above us the depths of the starry skies were lost in thick darkness.
tr	O	Spoke quietly and distinctly into it and he took the disc from his ear.
tr	O	A head that was a tiny, goggle-eyed miniature of the creature which had fired it and but scarcely had I done so, when it shot out segmented, tentacle-like arms and legs.
tr	O	In the sky 1 or i must compel him to descend, to seek beneath the water, a safety which was no longer possible either upon the surface of the sea.
tr	I	I must compel him to descend, to seek beneath the water, a safety which was no longer possible either upon the surface of the sea or in the sky 1
tr	O	Amusement, sat the recent prisoner of the expedition, 'Mr. Three and on top of a large boulder, still wearing his look of condescension.
tr	I	So engrossed had we become in watch- ing the donkey, that momentarily we had forgotten all about the paper and our search for the dog.
tr	I	We ran at ten milliamperes, or one hundredth of an ampere, for a little over the requisite six hours, in order to make sure of getting all of the precious stuff possible.
tr	O	Proceeds to listen attentively to his ex- planations and watch his demonstrations, all of which is done in layman style and our new author, apparently agrees with his hero.
tr	I	As they advanced, Scoefield noticed that the land descended in successive terraces and grew darker step by step.
tr	I	“When he had spoken there came a tremendous roar- ing that seemed to make the air quiver, then Ishtu began to tremble and shake until her scales rattled.
tr	O	Prac- tically no clouds all the year around and on Mars the reverse is true, it has a thin atmosphere.
tr	O	Re- jected; but, for a long time, no observer traced a con- nection between the unknown television lights and 746 AMAZING STORIES shadows and the enigmatical radio disturbances and many were the theories that were advanced.
tr	O	Gesticulating and pointing towards her and she saw — distinctly she heard — the old woman shrieking.
tr	O	Workmen who had been employed in the construc- tion of the ark and this comprised one hundred and fifty members, all of them chosen from the body of engineers, mechanics.
tr	O	Gazed spellbound at his lovely companion and then he turned.
tr	O	Forces that enabled the pre-Incas to cut and erect their titanic structures, still I may make epochal discoveries in the line of optics and even if I cannot solve the puzzle of the laws.
tr	O	We must acknowledge the aid of the Martians in solving it and it was a great problem.
tr	I	The Captain came in and picked up jMr.
tr	I	But suddenly she died, completely and with a startling suddenness that caused surprise and some consterna- tion among the residents of those Pacific islands.
tr	O	I had to wait until morning with this discovery before me." and the bat- teries, however, had perished long ago in the steam- ing jungle air.
tr	I	For nearly a week the vehicle, with steady accelera¬ tion, dropped into Space, while Sir Isaac worked almost incessantly at his computations and Tubby and Ameena engrossed themselves in each other’s companionship.
tr	O	I was curious but of course, I had no right to be prying.
tr	I	Then he settled back in his chair to wait until Blair, or some one, could come with the night squad.
tr	I	Among his hearers was a girl, with eyelids less red and sunken than the others, so that one could almost fancy she was hiding eyes, whom especially he hoped to persuade.
tr	O	Told them that each piece of paper represented so much metal and it worked like a charm, so long as they believed us and later on we gave them paper money.
tr	I	Suddenly feeling came back to me — feeling in the shape of overwhelming terror ; such a dread of those dark vastitudes as no words can describe, a passionate resurgence of sympathy and social de- sire.
tr	O	Three on this Earth but as for me, I don't believe in the existence of.
tr	O	He swam on dodging and diving — always making for shore but bits of wood tossed against his skin now and then and once a dead fish struck coldly against his face.
tr	I	I give you ‘Kelvin’, and like a good, normal chemist you reply with his absolute scale of temperature.
tr	I	It came to a stop for a moment and then went hopping rapidly off the screen.
tr	O	Four miles wide, connecting two of the larger canals together and it was explained to us that this new water- way was to be only a ‘small’ lateral affair, ‘but’ 600 miles long.
tr	I	As he turned the knob gently and felt the lock disengage, he drew from beneath his coat the flash- pistol, with its long, oversized barrel.
tr	O	Compactness with a charging capacity which enabled it to cover hundreds of miles without re- charging and the planes had been made possible by the invention of a new type of storage battery combining the virtues of lightness.
tr	O	When lowered the outer edge rested upon the perch, making a little platform parallel with the floor of the room and it was hinged at the bottom.
tr	O	Well and in no immediate peril and awlo was alive.
tr	O	With practically no knowledge of the economics of government and i am hardly fitted even for that task, for I am one of the lowliest of the race of men, lacking in education.
tr	O	Calling me to get up and there was very little sleep for me that night, for soon after daylight he was knocking on my door.
tr	O	The rest of the party wait- ing and watching the Indian and bell found Tumba at his elbow.
tr	I	Just then he slipped on one of the wooden mats and fell, landing on his back, with his neck on the footrest of the shoe shining machine.
tr	O	Yzdral the Beautiful, and all the cities of the Second World, Poseidon, save only Thula, the First, City of the Overlords and i was a child of ten years when Luda fell.
va	O	As I pressed upon this, the cord was suddenly released and i discovered a small catch or button near one end of the cylinder.
va	I	Why should not a man as seriously convinced as my uncle, succeed, with so excellent a guide as worthy Hans, and so devoted a nephew as myself?
va	O	Read scientific papers before medical societies or when not operating, he lectured to his classes.
va	I	On the deck were three houses, whose compartments were used as cabins for the crew, or as machine -rooms.
va	O	To a three-dimensional perception which can see across from one page to another, the two points are very near together and but, with the book closed.
va	I	We fell asleep there with arms intertwined, and the majesty of Mars passed us by.
va	I	The tent was torn up to furnish a sail, and as soon as the frail raft was ready the poor fellows jumped upon it, and sailed out to the open sea.
va	I	We can sum- marize the developments, and touch only on the more important phases of the Change.
va	O	One impulse — to kill but there boiled out into the corridor, into the very midst of the police, fifty demoniacal hexans, fighting with Berserk fury, ruled by.
va	O	Drive to the entrance of the ware- house and when you hear the explosion, overpower Wana instantly.
va	O	The nearest he could gather was that she looked upon the Wieroo almost as supernatural beings but she tried to explain.
va	O	That had swept up Xenora and and, I thought, it must have been Alexander that carried him.
va	I	We worked under a disadvantage, for physical con- ditions and the acute angle of the projectors only allowed shots along the length of the right of way.
va	I	It was hinged at the bottom, and when lowered the outer edge rested upon the perch, making a little platform parallel with the floor of the room.
va	O	We never have enough but we generate all we can with the materials and knowledge at our disposal.
va	O	They can see that the rest of us fight fair and “but some of us will be neutrals, most likely.
va	I	We tied the dinghy to a tree and began to climb on hands and knees.
va	I	With dogged obstinacy, Isaac Hakkabut refused to take any share either in the labors or the amuse- ments of the colony.
va	I	But if Phil Evans had regained the power of moving and speaking, that was all.
va	O	Here and there appeared small purplish growths of some sort and the ground itself was lividly white in the glare of our lights.
va	O	Asked if I would take the responsibility of operating on them and then he told me -that all the faculty were going to die of sarcoma.
va	O	That was the letter Hausen told me he found in my pocket and the Governor wrote me a letter demandin’ ’em.
va	I	"Let’s look around a bit and see if we can’t locate him,” objected Nankivell.
va	O	Set' off at a quick walk and at that he swung round.
va	O	Broke his thigh and it was several months after landing that in one of his fits of wandering he fell among slippery rocks.
va	I	ward at an angle so sharp and with such an acceleration that its occupants were mostly thrown to the floor.
va	I	Two voices w'ere all that he heard, and when he caught the drift of the conversation, he thrilled with excitement.
va	I	Then I saw the Indians gather, to admit it, for it was a rather childish and unworthy their eyes turned toward the palace.
va	O	Silent sailor at the wheel and the only human being on deck was a gaunt.
va	I	Turning, he saw that the chimney had been struck and the plaster was filling the air with a fine dust.
va	I	These moons were never high in the sky, but vanished as they rose; that is, every time they revolved they were eclipsed because they were so near their primary planet.
va	O	On this he tried various keys on the ring he had taken and of the four doors in sight, only one was locked.
va	O	Smok- ing,” he said, turniug to Crane or “thc}' don’t know an3'lhing about matches.
va	O	In a moment the boat was itself in the midst of the terrible coils and still the captain pressed on, shouting to Smith to help him.
va	O	Shrank back against the smooth, irri- descent green walls and those whose escape I blocked dropped their weapons.
va	I	I feel light, like a toy bal- loon, and I feel awfully weird inside.
va	I	Suppose you get one of them in your mechanical hand, then take careful sight toward the flyer and throw the missile in exactly the opposite direction.
va	I	He would overtake them, he said, at about half-past four in the morning, and now it was near- ly
va	O	Our sleep that night was sound and wholly untroubled by premonitions of the future and we supped at a common table with all the people of the farm.
va	I	Hargraves pressed a key of the twelve-keyed keyboard used and a single long dash was sent on its way, hurtling with the speed of light towards its goal, 82,000,000 miles away.
va	O	Not with one of the common people!" and get the fact into the numskull's head, if you can, that he is dealing with Algernon Sidney St. Johnstone.
va	O	Is my own natural daughter but eve is not an adopted child.
va	O	Joseph Smith, New York 680 AMAZING STORIES was startled by seeing:, in huge red letters, on- and the second morning after the conversation be- tween Cosmo Versal.
va	I	Of our souls — growth of the spirit and eventually immortal life.
va	O	1 72,800 In the course of twenty-four hours or that meant one hundred and twenty a minute; seven thou- sand, two hundred an hour.
va	I	Their leaves and branches were in ceaseless motion, and suddenly I realized that this was not because of any breeze, for they moved in all directions.
va	O	With his help, Jurgensen clambered painfully out, leaving a track of blood behind him and jerry Strasser opened the hatch from the inside.
va	O	I instructed Gibbons in the ship to light the knob on the end of the ultron wire and we came out in the open without any further mishap.
va	O	What is it?” and 412 aMAZING STORIES “Why, I don’t see a thing, Steve—where.
va	I	We summoned all our laboriously acquired knowl- edge of the Troglodyte speech to try to understand the meaning of the panicky uproar, and my first impres- sions were soon verified.
va	O	Tightly clenched jaws at- tested the terrible suspense he suffered and bell’s haggard face.
va	I	“It’s simple enough — and credible enough,” said Grif- fin, putting the serviette aside.
va	O	On the bridge comes Nak with tidings.” and the hosts of Yolara have been beaten back.
va	O	With them a Spanish shawl, black, with such red roses as never grew in Andulasia and that afternoon roses came for Anise.
va	O	By trickery and stock manipula- tion he quickly found himself ousted from control and in business and finance he was but a child.
va	O	Wait for the big ox to make his next move but but, drat it 1 there’s nothin’ to do.
va	O	Turned the can over and there the trail ended.” and at last the man observed the puncture.
va	I	She was about nineteen, of a slim and graceful build that just escaped being too slender.
va	O	Jewels that they use the latter for building materials and it beats me, though, what that stuff can be — that is so much more valuable than gold.
va	I	Upon the bridge the bodies of the quartermaster, the first officer and an apprentice lay sprawled grotesquely, and across the chart-house door lay the captain.
va	O	Placing the tips of his fingers to- gether and "i presume you refer to the matter of rendering visible objects invisible," he smiled, leaning back in his chair.
va	O	It had persisted until now as the creed of humanity.” and what wondrous strides toward perfection the human race might have made if the first man had evolved it.
va	O	It was not Mr. Bessel but the being whose frantic rush through London had inflicted so much injury and disaster had indeed Mr. Bessel’s body.
va	O	The majesty of Mars passed us by and we fell asleep there with arms intertwined.
va	I	It Is Saknussem's Dagger ERE I could finish my sentence, my uncle stop- ped me short from entering upon a whole train of theories, and spoke in his most cold and decided tone of voice.
va	O	Slithering to a common level and the explosion had literally pul- verised a great area of earth, piling it in soft heaps that were still slipping.
va	I	“It’s an open and shut case,” he told newspapermen.
va	O	The nervousness I felt and he probably noticed my worried look.
va	I	Her contentment in the love of her husband and of their splendid son had served to enhance the loveliness which had first enthralled Roy.
va	O	As much of our personal luggage as we could carry, and jumped down from our damaged craft and we seized our weapons, our lead shields.
va	O	Scientific report, of which this is only the popular first trans- script and that will be the full.
va	I	When 1 awoke and looked at my watch, the hour hand pointed to ten.
va	I	Beneath the centre of the balloon was a frame of light wood, about nine feet long, and rigged on to the balloon itself with a network in the customary manner.
va	I	The monoliths were heaped about; the wall had fallen, and about them shone a film of water, half covering them.
va	I	We had the experience of going upward, and soon found ourselves in an upper stratum, and could hear the pounding of the ocean.
va	I	Many of the people sitting in the chairs seemed almost natural in their passive poses, but the contorted scarlet of the bandsmen was not a restful thing to see.
va	I	Awlo was alive and well and in no immediate peril.
va	I	A plank was prepared and placed sloping from the rail.
va	I	The diving bell was brought out, and it was decided that all the members of our immediate party should make a descent.
va	O	She resumed her course to the north and an hour’s work sufficed to fill up the larders of the aeronef.
va	I	First the Villac Vmu and his fiancee failed to put in an appearance.
va	I	Jack, who was a well-known banker and busi- ness man, in spite of his youth.
va	I	The Governor wrote me a letter demandin’ ’em and that was the letter Hausen told me he found in my pocket.
va	O	As if he had instantaneously solved it and “high spots were the sacred ones,” answered Eddy, the learned, easily.
va	I	The newspapers reported the bombing of London and Paris on Wednesday, of Rome and Constantinople on Thurs- day and of Calcutta and Pekin on Friday.
va	I	It is this ; we are in what you call a bad boat, and all of us are in it.
va	I	Prince, that if we had stum- bled accMentally upon the Column to the Sun and thus found our way to your domains, that we would not have been received in as friendly a vray as we were.
va	I	It is a wire, charged with high voltage ; they fear we will try to make ourselves invisible and walk between them — that is the way they are going to prevent that.
va	I	All that was necessary was a will and steel-like sinews ; no, not steel-like sinews, sinews of steel.
va	I	The Albatross must thus have reached the forty- sixth degree of north latitude, and thus was ex- plained the premature advance of the day with the abnormal prolongation of the dawn.
va	O	I don’t think he would have blown himself up and he would do it himself.
va	I	I motioned him on deck and then called him to one side, asking if he had seen anything out of the way or unusual during his trick on watch the night before.
va	I	They had seen enough of the brutal treatment von Schoenvorts accorded his men and the especially venomous attentions he had taken great enjoyment in according Plesser and Hindle to understand that these two might be sin-
va	O	I am so ignorant and so anxious to learn and you have promised to explain it all to me.
va	O	Two was all that had passed or a few glances, a word.
va	I	"No, Wall, I am not ; the hatred or jealousy, if you choose to call it so, which I feel towards Hatteras, has not blinded my eyes.
va	O	She crept into a thicket of bracken, out of which a rabbit scuttled, and lay awhile to watch the squatting-place and and at the sight of that the fear of Uya returned.
va	I	Faint and far-distant and almost imperceptible it was, but none the less I knew it.
va	I	I wanted to think, but I had to langh outright.
va	I	Would he rediscover humanity, or had they long since arisen to higher planes of exist- ence or reincarnations?
va	I	The City of Anarchy T HE horror, fear, and nausea that gripped me as we dropped, are beyond the power of words to tell.
va	I	I gave the required promise, and we entered the tunnel, which nobody had visited since our former adventure.
va	O	Damage everything within a much greater radius and it will utterly destroy everything within a radius of a hundred miles.
va	I	They had landed in a range of mountains which Hamilton later decided were the Alashans, but at the time he had no eyes for them.
va	I	The invention was completed and ready for use, but I delayed.
va	O	Be- comes worn out and after the brain has taken more than forty treatments, it grows stale.
va	O	We old-time patrons deplored the consequent loss of picturesqueness and the Riccadona had been one of the last restaurants in New York to abolish waiters in favor of the modern mechanical service.
va	O	His position is a very responsible one but “he is the lowest officer of the blue degree.
va	I	“This is a new game to me and your judgment is as good as mine.
va	O	Which no one would have believed pos- sible in ours but scenes were enacted that would have been almost incredible as occurring in mediaeval or ancient times.
va	I	Ten thousand feet below his previous level he straightened out into his old course and tore out across the Atlantic.
va	O	My first impres- sions were soon verified and we summoned all our laboriously acquired knowl- edge of the Troglodyte speech to try to understand the meaning of the panicky uproar.
va	O	His arms were free, and he struck and tried to kick savagely but the Invisible Man had him down grimly.
va	O	Across the chart-house door lay the captain and upon the bridge the bodies of the quartermaster, the first officer and an apprentice lay sprawled grotesquely.
va	O	We experienced no discomforts along that line and the temperature was very even.
va	I	The Further Vision (( T HAVE already told you of the sickness and I confusion that comes with time traveling.
va	I	Nankivell was also on his feet and I must have risen, although I have no recollection of moving, for I found myself standing with drawn pistol when Habbakuk shook me.
va	I	He looked exultant and excited and as he shook my baud he burst just at present are not of primary importance to the subject which 1 wish to disclose to you.
va	I	Blow fresh argon through your annealing furnace until all traces of argon have been washed out and then chill it suddenly in liquid argon.
va	O	Osnomian jewels, were as strong as the axles of a truck and yet were almost perfectly frictionless and the bearings, built of arenak.
va	I	Then his glance fell on the veranda post, with the four inches missing out of the middle, and with face set in hard lines, he examined it carefully.
va	O	Were generally helping the men with the housework and the women seemed to have cooked the breakfast.
va	I	On the other hand, the nearer stream did yield some treasure, and treasure is what we are after.
va	I	The thing seems to have happened so, and that is all I can say.
va	I	No attempt was made to search us, and I am inclined to think the creatures regarded our clothes as a part of ourselves.
va	I	"Yes, You must take another day's rest, and we shall be ready to go on board fay to-morroWf'y'e- ' plied my uncle, with a peculiar smile. „
va	I	Before them were the intricate controls of the sub- tank, a maze of glittering instruments and handwheels that covered the forward wall of the control room.
va	I	I drove rapidly for the purple wood, but with little hope of getting there before the terrible red disintegration had melted us away.
va	I	I tried to pump him but that was all that I could get out of him.
va	O	I'm missing my sleep!" and "i've missed my supper, I've missed the opry.
va	I	Thus from that day on a curious spectator from an aeroplane might have seen an old man sitting on the lawn showing a golden-haired child pictures from very old books and talking together about the same pictures.
va	O	So ordered the caravan to turn into the opening, myself taking second place behind the guide and however, I thought we had better make all the progress we could.
va	I	Finally a deep blackness engulfed him and he was once again clutched in a temporary state of death in which he could sleep for ages without actually tumbling into the Great Abyss.
va	I	This gave me a hint, and I went knee-deep, and sometimes neck-deep, in the Red Weed.
va	I	"We were truly in a Garden of Eden, for game and fish abounded, while edible fruits and berries served to keep down sickness, which would surely have followed a meat diet.
va	O	Shot down without mercy and should you endeavor to escape the mandate, you will be trailed by one of the swiftest air patrol vessels of the Service.
va	O	Stigma, together with the surrounding stamens and the globular part contains the pistil, which consists merely of a germen.
va	O	It seemed that they could see into another room, just beyond the wall and then the dark tunnel vanished.
va	O	Entered the peculiar.structure and quickly Ave crossed to the great.sphere.
va	O	Since all lighting must obviously be artificial, why should there be windows?” and “we are eight hundred feet under- ground.
va	I	"Fiction, I grant," he said, "but fic- tion only inasmuch as the names of persons and their particular adventures and feats are concerned.
va	I	The fellow was completely cowed, knowing the dead- ly power of our pistols, and he obeyed Edmund's com- mands with a dejeeted air, occasionally glancing at Ala, who disdained to return his look.
va	I	The heaters of the Forlorn Hope were shut off, and as soon as the outer shell had cooled to Titanian tempera¬ ture, a corps of mechanics set to work.
va	I	"Yes, he bought you dearly, worthless girl, and I made well in the selling.
va	I	Dorothy threw up her head in defiance, but meeting his cold stare she paused irresolutely and finally sat dow'n, biting her lips in anger, while the other girl went on.
va	O	He knew — that the kingdom of Dahomey is one of the most powerful on the West Coast of Africa and we know —.
va	O	Snapped off the light and carefully closing the door, he fingered dials upon each of the walls of the cell, then folded himself up into a comfortable position, instructed Nadia to do the same.
va	O	Unless I am greatly deceived, I can hear a kind of rever- beration in the air." and "it does not move," said Servadae;".
va	O	Ran toward her with a cry of solicitude, arms outstretched and he caught sight of the girl.
va	I	Solutions of gold can be made in the two forms — there is a colloidal gold and a crystalline gold."
va	I	That illumination was but small indeed, for the cell -compartment lay in the .same twilight liand as the great Council Compartment, that band- of twilight lying between Triton's dark and sunward sides.
va	I	A thous- and years before that, however, even the highest and most prominent people could not write, but had skilled menials do it for them.”
va	I	Still the captain pressed on, shouting to Smith to help him, and in a moment the boat was itself in the midst of the terrible coils.
va	O	We can ti-ade with the Indians," Arthur admitted, "but we need food by the ton — by the ton, people and "we can hunt.
va	I	“High spots were the sacred ones,” answered Eddy, the learned, easily, and as if he had instantaneously solved it.
va	I	THE machines kept everybody pretty busy during the first spell, and then came a recess.
va	O	Henry, who at best seldom spoke, was as silent and as pale as a ghost and as for Jack, his face showed that he felt as I did; but he said noth- ing.
va	I	In a thousand open spaces of down and upland the people who had fled thither from the floods and the falling houses and sliding slopes of hill watched for that rising in vain.
va	O	The metal tower of the Champ de Mars, where the enor- mous reflector was inundating the whole capital with its electric rays and she hovered over the two minarets of the Trocadero.
va	O	Told Jim that he greatly re- gretted having shown the Ampu the war pictures and john seemed very depressed.
va	I	Machine guns, tear-bombs, rifles, grenades, and aerial missiles, however, soon routed the looters from their snowy fast- nesses.
va	O	They had ten fingers on each hand instead of five and their arms were skinny but sinuous and powerful.
va	O	The attackers drew back and one of them began to worm his way through and it was large enough now to admit a man.
va	O	Cruel winter wind would find us in the hills and but we mocked the wind happily, for well we knew that no cold.
va	I	Accord- ing to the story books the criminal always leaves some clue, always forgets something, or slips up in some way that lets the astute investigator find his trail.
va	O	Even resembling it or i had never seen anything like it.
va	I	By proper adjustments of the angles and the speed of rotation of the sphere, we obtain both lifting power and propulsive force.
va	I	At that moment, however, he paused to reflect, and we looked up to find the others leaving.
va	O	The note is regular and the signature is I.awrie’s.
va	O	Which I now imagine must have been about due north, without detecting a single familiar object but i went on in the direction I thought was south.
va	I	We just passed through the heart and now we are in the pulmonary artery leading to the lungs.
va	O	Placed over us and the dome was brought in.
va	O	Might suspect that the authorities were watching him and there- fore had refrained from sending any message and however, I knew that he was very prudent.
va	O	Inertron, our two wonderful synthetic elements, built up from super- balanced and sub-balanced ultronic whorls, through the sub-electronic order into the atomic and molecular and hence the great triumphs of ultron.
va	O	Filled up the body with wizened imbecility and the animal instinct enslaved his heart.
va	O	Saw through the trick and it was then that he suspected, missed his dagger.
va	O	Hunt for a telephone.” and but, we’ll forget it.
va	O	Paris on Wednesday, of Rome and Constantinople on Thurs- day and of Calcutta and Pekin on Friday and the newspapers reported the bombing of London.
va	I	He walked on unheeding, and the seamen followed.
va	I	We all looked in and I think I had never seen a cave any- where larger than that one.
va	O	Calculations in adaptation to an object- glass of twenty-four feet in diameter; just:;mes the size of his venerable father's and the 24- Foot Lens SIR JOHN HERSCHEL had submitted his plans.
va	O	He not know of it and it was inconceivable that a revolutionary emissary should come to Chicago.
va	O	Jealousy, if you choose to call it so, which I feel towards Hatteras, has not blinded my eyes or "no, Wall, I am not; the hatred.
va	O	Now they would look out for themselves and people's eyes were opened.
va	I	“Yes,” Hart said, “and it isn’t information the Hans are giving in return, but some form of goods, or privi- lege.
va	I	Carnes slowly lowered his gun and unobserved, slunk back into the covering grass.
va	O	He felt bound to comply at once, although not without a grumble both on his part and that of his fiancie and this phrase showed Macrae that his correspondent must bo in touch with the authorities.
va	O	A plan, a last expedient, flashed into my mind and at last I saw the ripple of water ahead.
va	O	Soon found ourselves in an upper stratum, and could hear the pounding of the ocean and we had the experience of going upward.
va	O	About sixty miles farther, there is another and about twenty miles from here, there is a stream that leads off to the southeast.
va	O	Of course we would not sell her for any amount but several men have offered to buy the little one for as much as a hundred thousand.
va	I	We did not approach these however, because we could not spare the time to visit and palaver with the inhabitants.
va	I	Did you ever hear the parable of the camel and the needle's eye?
va	O	She seemed absolutely to wither away under my very eye and i watched Animula for hours with a breaking heart.
va	O	To decide that Dr. Rand would let me into the secret only when his whim should dictate and with a sigh, I was forced to dismiss the matter.
va	I	At that moment, night was closing in, and what could be thought on board the destroyers but that the “Terror” had been en- gulfed in the abyss of the cataract?
va	I	It recalled me from the forgotten eon to which my brain had flown and left me once again a modern man battling with a clumsy, un- skilled brute.
va	I	In his eyes was the look of the fresh and innocent soul that struggles with a pitiless terror that it cannot know or understand !
va	I	We were taught that it was impossible, but you’ve shat- tered a lot of my knowledge today.”
va	I	In- stead were pastes and cakes of agreeable and varie- gated design, without any suggestion in colour or form of the unfortunate animals from which their substance and juices were derived.
te	O	I had made up my mind not to winter till we were in a much more northerly latitude.” and a crew soon becomes enervated by inactivity, combined with positive suffering.
te	O	It was decided that all the members of our immediate party should make a descent and the diving bell was brought out.
te	I	A silence fell on the gathering after that eulogy, but again Kington's inquiring mind brought them back to the present.
te	I	tween the earth and an invisible watery nebula, which would have the effect of inundating the globe.
te	O	Developing remarkable characteristics and it was growing very fast.
te	O	Established credit with a firm of decorators and his uncle turned over the keys of the house to him, paid him his salary in advance.
te	I	It was evidently hewn from solid rock and was illuminated from a source of light in the ceiling.
te	I	About twenty miles from here, there is a stream that leads off to the southeast and about sixty miles farther, there is another.
te	I	"Now listen to this: when Biela's comet divided in 1845, the smaller fragment continued in its old course; but the main body was deflected and changed its orbit.
te	O	Had to play an extra post-season series and remember the year we tied the Silk Sox for the pennant.
te	I	I plunged into the tangle and in ten minutes I was as thoroughly lost as I have even been in my life.
te	O	We can, or rather we must, make twenty miles a day, which will bring us to the coast about the 26th of March.” but i must confess six hundred miles is a long journey.
te	O	Why the name of my family is important and raycrem Arsm looked up at his ruler: "You understand now why Earth has not responded.
te	O	It’s about what the facts point to but it isn’t quite according to what a man wants for his species.
te	O	Later when the plane was being assembled, he helped (as he thought) to rivet the pieces together and ezra, of course, wanted to know all about it.
te	I	Woolworth too was gone, and all the mountainous structures below.
te	I	We have to invent a sort of life where men can live and breed, and be sufficiently secure to bring the children up.
te	O	Then chill it suddenly in liquid argon and blow fresh argon through your annealing furnace until all traces of argon have been washed out.
te	O	In the course of the conversa- tion, new plans and ideas are developed and he mentions this fact to Bedford.
te	I	If I did hear them, what did they signify; the doom of my two friends and thus the doom of Troyana, or the doom of Amos and his cohorts?
te	O	They hurried back to the camp and dennison re- plied in Russian.
te	I	They were physically active and clambered down the arm of the machine like monkeys.
te	O	Now we are in the pulmonary artery leading to the lungs and we just passed through the heart.
te	O	Shrub that had been near the sphere or i stared about me in the vain hope of recognising some knoll.
te	O	All wore their hair square cut at the chin with bangs on the fore- head and all three Abruians were clean-shaven.
te	O	There was no under- tow, so we made shore easily, effecting an equally easy landing and the surf was not heavy.
te	O	Luckily still retained my long-bladed pocket knife, the best of weapons for close fighting but i had dropped my rifle in the short melee.
te	I	The sun itself hung low in the west, in a sky that was clear and darkly blue, almost violet.
te	I	Rustlings and stealthy movements sounded furtively through the night, and from above the heavy throb of mighty wing-beats was continuous.
te	I	He was glad to see the photo- graphs, and passed them around.
te	O	Ready for use, but I delayed and the invention was completed.
te	I	Every bodily com- fort that affection could suggest was lavished upon him, but he wanted something more.
te	O	Suddenly twisted it out of his hand and ‘the devil’s in the basket,’ I said.
te	I	“Walk as though we liad oiilj' a notch of pow'er on and it goes all right.
te	O	Has my eyes and a funny little twisted smile but takes after her mother some.
te	I	It waited, motionless, without desires or aver- sions, without emotions or perplexities, in comfort- able, placid, machinelike contentment until time should bring the call to feed again.
te	O	I gloried in every new discovery, thoroughly disgusted with myself for ever backing out of the many chances I had had and i confess flying was a new sensation to me.
te	O	Submitted newly estab- REPRISAL lished evidence, which if heard would probably have cleared my name and after reaching prison, I made repeated attempts to secure clemency.
te	I	They were inclined to attack us at first; but a volley from our rifles caused them to change their minds.
te	I	The wind had died away completely, and this was a favorable circumstance for the maneuver he de- sired to execute.
te	I	Back there on the plain was a great spot of loose dirt, and in the center a spot that glowed white, and seemed to bubble.
te	I	I'm not superstitious exactly, but sometimes I think that Nature resents our efforts to pry into her secrets — and punishes those who are too rash and impor- tunate in wresting knowledge from her."
te	I	It was so slight, however, that after he had bounced back and forth alsout 200 times, howling frightfully all the while, we took pity on him and stopped him with our hands.
te	O	Shouted back, ‘No, I’m not Cesare!’ and but I got a grip on my nerves.
te	I	I’m going to grab off one of those folks and see how much they know.
te	O	Reflected from bevelled edges in rainbow colored strips and the sun, pouring warmly in, bathed it with light.
te	O	I had to langh outright but i wanted to think.
te	O	Quite motionless, with her face to the ground and she was lying clutch- ing my feet.
te	O	After we’ve slept nine hours or so I’ll go over to Rovol’s laboratory and Crane’ll come back here to you.” and we’d better go back to the Skylark and turn in.
te	I	But here was a dilemma indeed ; there was no point of entrance and no one appeared from the inside to whom orders might be given, or of whom questions might be asked.
te	O	The doctor opportunely arrived at that moment to examine his patient and neil shut the set off on the pro- test of the old man.
te	I	I lit the block of camphor and flung it to the ground, and as it spit and flared up and drove back the Mor- locks and the shadows, I knelt down and lifted up Weena.
te	O	The reproductions of the people of Abrui were very fine and it was a happy life-like scene.
te	O	That copper got in, hydrogen gas could get in too and where the gold got out.
te	O	In this respect they differ from their extinct progenitors, or descendants, of Western Europe and the Band-lu, however, did not have the bow and arrow.
te	I	"I'm from Missouri," was that young person's flippant reply, but the words could not disguise the wonderful glow of happiness that irradiated the lovely little face.
te	I	Again they attacked, but now the cathode rays were streaming before them, a great shield of flaming blue light.
te	O	Knows how to keep them content and the state thinks well of its people.
te	O	One of his two men or the main difficulty was to get at the telephonoscope without being blocked by Fleck- ner.
te	I	“Ordinarily it would be but there arc some ver\- peculiar features about this outbreak.”
te	O	Began to climb on hands and knees and we tied the dinghy to a tree.
te	I	I have read very carefully what Hug- Hellmuth has written about the psychology of the baby and no child of mine is going to develop unhealthy complexes because I indulged it in untimely love and unnecessary caresses.
te	O	Took the paddles ourselves and, although the pad- dling stiffened us up a little, we had the advantage of having the current with us and we made good speed and we dismissed them there.
te	I	It s pretty bleak, no fooling,” he admitted, and peered through the eyepiece of the visiray telescope, studying minutely the forbidding surface of the satellite they were so rapidly approaching.
te	O	A blaze of light — intense — penetrating — flared out up and down the line and the motors roared — the current snapped on —.
te	O	An invisible watery nebula, which would have the effect of inundating the globe and tween the earth.
te	I	He grew more morose and solitary and under no conditions would he permit an attendant to remove his glove.
te	I	It was several months after landing that in one of his fits of wandering he fell among slippery rocks and broke his thigh.
te	O	Then the night became beautifully cool and quiet and every one slept on deck and a thunderstorm gathered and broke furiously.
te	O	I fear I could not do the tale justice and "dana wrote the story of her own experiences.
te	O	As soon as the frail raft was ready the poor fellows jumped upon it, and sailed out to the open sea and the tent was torn up to furnish a sail.
te	I	I slowed down, and flew over it, j'ust above the waterfall.
te	I	“Yes, I was afraid to risk a shot — it would give the whole thing away,” Seaton replied, as he threw the unconscious guards out into the grounds and closed the massive door.
te	O	The coal grime on his face and hands and and Azuma-zi was practically a savage still; the veneer of civilization lay no deeper than his slop suit, his bruises.
te	O	Toying with a paper knife in a nervous fashion as he talked and he spoke in low, cultured tones, not looking di- rectly at us.
te	O	Fourth dimensional ideas and can never grasp these relativity.
te	I	On the other hand I was young, my affairs were in a mess, and I was in just the mood for reckless adventure — with a chance of something good at the end of it.
te	I	"As a result of this, no two are alike mentally, physi- cally or in training, yet, when these strange beings edu- cate their infinitely varying offspring,
te	O	Pebbles and our feet do not press or crush what is beneath and between them and to tread over them is one thing — they are protected by the sand.
te	O	She had to smile at herself for ever having entertained them and forgotten were her early presentiments of evil.
te	O	The Ark was run- ning slowly and two were got into the water inside of three minutes, for fortunately the sea was calm.
te	I	There boiled out into the corridor, into the very midst of the police, fifty demoniacal hexans, fighting with Berserk fury, ruled by but one impulse — to kill.
te	I	Nahum spoke some words and a block of stone slid down and the full beauty of a carefully kept tropical garden lay before us.
te	O	It could not have rested on the waves during the downpour from the sky! and it surely could not have re- mained in the air all this time.
te	I	One of the strangers, pointing to the automatic, waved his hand back and forth, as if to say, “Put it a\vay.”
te	O	How badly we need him, I doubt if he would come in.” and if he knew about them passing this last dividend.
te	I	I could ma- terialize as a man of metal, able to stand up under this acceleration, and do you to death.
te	I	It was explained to us that this new water- way was to be only a ‘small’ lateral affair, ‘but’ 600 miles long and four miles wide, connecting two of the larger canals together.
te	O	Whether it was cut out of whole cloth or this was uttered with such solemnity that Peth- wick never knew whether it was an account of some weird tragedy of the mountains.
te	O	The adjuster carry¬ ing with it all that is dear in life to me disappeared and he turned again to the switch.
te	I	Well, that's just what we did, me going along, too, and leaving Bess that full of curiosity as to what 'twas all about she was fair on needles and pins.
te	O	A force of one hundred workers with tools and provisions was sent below at once and strict orders were given that the story of the disaster be kept from the public.
te	I	He turned reluctantly and moved toward a doorway a few paces away.
te	O	Eventually immortal life and of our souls — growth of the spirit.
te	O	Had they long since arisen to higher planes of exist- ence or reincarnations or would he rediscover humanity.
te	I	The signature is I.awrie’s, and the note is regular.
te	O	As un- known as that of the remarkable automobile which has so amazed us all." and "it is this, Mr. Ward; the motive power of this so-called boat must be as tremendous.
te	I	The bearings, built of arenak and Osnomian jewels, were as strong as the axles of a truck and yet were almost perfectly frictionless.
te	O	Shut case,” he told newspapermen and “it’s an open.
te	I	"Accustomed as he was now to the unusual, yet he was inclined to think later that his first glimpse of Ultair gave the thrill of a long and varied life to his soul.
te	I	The government man was plainly out of humor and his greeting was curt.
te	O	Speaking, that was all and but if Phil Evans had regained the power of moving.
te	I	My love of her kept me from utter despair, but even then I knew that our ideal life could not go on.
te	I	Their bodies flashed and glittered as they darted back and forth, seeking a place to alight and join in the orgy.
te	O	In the center a spot that glowed white, and seemed to bubble and back there on the plain was a great spot of loose dirt.
te	O	Occasionally the towers of a considerable city were visible and it appeared to be dotted with villages.
te	O	Across to the great government building and out into the rain he went.
te	O	Arranged the two reflectors to focus on the slide and he withdrew a slide from the side of the box.
te	I	“If tomorrow doesn’t bring sun,” said John, with that wry smile of his, “one of us will have to feed him, and I for one don’t relish the job.”
te	O	Clutched at the beast?” or why should he have grasped.
te	O	That would show that it's outside the atmosphere and "it simply van- ished when it left the solar disc.
te	I	Then, about two weeks after his New York trip, he sent his wife out for the afternoon and said that he would stay home and be nurse, just to see how it would go.
te	O	In the interim we can move the barrier forward an inch or two at a time and siderable time to complete excavations and prepare for the grand finale.
te	O	Hope for the best." and we're in for it, so let's shake, boys.
te	I	If you, as an ordinary careless person, were to bare his chest and feel his heart beating, you would probably find it quite like the heart of any one else.
te	I	Quickly Claire and I arose, and hurried down the spiral shaft so like the one in Carcante’s globular home.
te	I	„ "If you're trying to be facetious there's no use THE MAN WHO COULD VANISH 903 in my attempting to explain my ideas and theories," commented Dr. Unsinn in an injured tone.
te	O	Myself, as we stepped silently into and across the great sleep-compartment and and eery was that sight to Marlin.
te	O	Den- ton's place was to know him no more and one morning near Midsummer-day, there was a new minor official upon the flying stage.
te	I	They gagged him and tied him to the foot of the ladder, after taking his costume from Not five minutes passed before two bacteriologists, apparently, emerged from the doorway.
te	O	There was light coming from what looked like a. heap of coal, burning with great brilliance, in the center of the floor but there was not a living thing visible.
te	O	Beloved by all and he was a kindly soul, always putting himself out for others.
te	O	By pressing your ear against the hole you may be able to catch what he says." and he is still talking.
te	I	I reached across the table and opened his Shakespeare to "King John."
te	I	If you're going to de- pend on me to keep you out of trouble I'll quit and you can go ahead with your damnable experi- ment alone.
te	I	I have visited Emerson in company with E. and have verified all these statements.
te	O	Searched his eyes with a sort of breathless intentness that puzzled him and she took his face between her small soft hands.
te	I	Half frantic with terror I dipped them out and dried them off.
te	O	As soon as the outer shell had cooled to Titanian tempera¬ ture, a corps of mechanics set to work and the heaters of the Forlorn Hope were shut off.
te	I	Hatteras trembled with suppressed passion, but by a THE DESERT OF ICE 255 violent effort he barely managed to restrain himself.
te	O	Colorless, brought sympathy from the man at the other end and my voice, dead.
te	O	I will investigate it and make an official report of the en- tire matter.
te	O	Controlled myself and started to walk, feeling the reassuring pull of the rope behind me but i began to get panicky.
te	I	We made camp at once and I set out to survey the valley.
te	I	That knife came from the Cardoso country and where it was, there are more like it.
te	I	"I've missed my supper, I've missed the opry, and I'm missing my sleep!"
te	I	But the Humph- The ries-Dugald Finder had been designed and built and tested during the past three days.
te	I	And as the red cone turned crimson, great bands of violet- red ascended and descended the black pillar which be- gan to lose its form, becoming indistinct in spots.
te	I	The most popular explanation was that the solar system had passed THE GREEN GIRL 1117 through a small, dense nebula, the particles and con- densing gases of which had intercepted solar radiation.
te	I	One of the little animals appeared to be suffering from the development of ulcers on the corner of the eye, and it was obvious that the creature was totally blind.
te	I	The facial part projected, forming something dimly suggestive of a muzzle, and the huge half-open mouth showed as big white teeth as I had ever seen in a human mouth.
te	I	The animal instinct enslaved his heart and filled up the body with wizened imbecility.
te	O	Of a big red countenance covered with freckles and surrounded with red hair staring at me over the bulwarks and there's a dim half -memory of being lifted up to the gang- way.
te	O	My left brain is still in control and "i know that I told you that.
te	I	Trainor has a few of his rocket torpedoes, but not enough to make much impression upon a belligerent planet.
te	O	Aver- sions, without emotions or perplexities, in comfort- able, placid, machinelike contentment until time should bring the call to feed again or it waited, motionless, without desires.
te	I	It beats me, though, what that stuff can be — that is so much more valuable than gold and jewels that they use the latter for building materials.
te	O	They fed in peace, lords of their own pastures, without either protector or destroyer in human shape but come sight to us, if not to the sheep.
te	O	Then she was with me and it seemed that I heard first a cry of delight in a silver voice.
te	I	E recoiled at the touch, and his color changed.
te	I	“While there are undoubtedly thousands of men of Dick’s six-feet-one and two-fifths, they are fairly well scattered, are they not ?”
te	O	That she was not sure whether she ought to but he had the curious feeling that she was forever on the point of telling him something.
te	O	De- nounced his predictions as the work of a fool or a roadman and they decried his science.
te	I	The surf was not heavy, and there was no under- tow, so we made shore easily, effecting an equally easy landing.
te	O	Felt the lock disengage, he drew from beneath his coat the flash- pistol, with its long, oversized barrel and as he turned the knob gently.
te	I	Monsters similar to those that lived during the Earth's reptilian Age roam and rage in the primeval forests of Venus.
te	I	But you must just keep at the mastering of the Rulgen and get back to Visin to have one con- structed as quickly as possible.
te	O	We are a civilization but “wild tribesmen might not be able to.
te	O	Flowed and splashed over them and they fell upon the paralyzed brutemcn and rei:)tiles on the mount.
te	I	I was sick with horror and half paralyzed with cold.
te	I	We crossed the Atlantic, buffeted one mild storm, glided into the Caribbean, were hauled through the Isthmus and then dropped down the west coasts of Colombia and Ecuador, finally steaming into the port in Peru.
te	O	Helper — good-by!” and until we meet, old comrade, pupil.
te	I	and I managed to kidnap them from their rooms and bring them here.
te	I	Still keeping my hands on the control buttons of my suit, I walked down the steps of the dais and took my place facing Kapioma.
te	I	That night the first deaths occurred; and the disease was found among the troops and upper-class townsmen.
te	O	At once I felt the ship sway, and then start up like an express elevator and at exactly twelve o’clock, Rice pressed a switch.
te	O	We've escaped from Washington and "this gentleman is the President.
te	O	How he did this, that or the other or the thing was the morn amusing;k Harvey could not himself give any explanation of why.
te	O	Want her to be a brave girl and tell her that we love her.
te	O	When he caught the drift of the conversation, he thrilled with excitement and two voices w'ere all that he heard.
te	O	The especially venomous attentions he had taken great enjoyment in according Plesser and Hindle to understand that these two might be sin- and they had seen enough of the brutal treatment von Schoenvorts accorded his men.
te	O	I think the thing goes deeper than personal animosity toward me.” but “i can only hazard a guess.
te	I	He had groped his way up nar- row tenement stairs and taken an armed maniac from a dark room without turning a hair; but now as he looked up, he went white and staggered back.
te	O	Had come for a book I had left behind and i had not known he was there.
te	O	Of the traitors that had burned it and he dreamed of his ship, the Forward.
te	O	The doctor immediately resolved to hear what he might of the remainder of the testimony and it was after two o'clock in the afternoon when he got into the taxi.
te	I	After a bit, he remembered the sale of his books and drew from under his pillow the gold which he had re- ceived.
te	O	Then drank our fill of the excellent water, I felt myself quite a new man, ready to go anywhere my uncle chose to lead and we breakfasted with a good appetite.
te	I	He stood puffing on it steadily, with the dim glow coming and going on his tanned face as he drew.
te	O	Delay the outbreak of the revolt and at his present speed he would have more than an hour to find Ross.
te	I	Suddenly a bolt from the sky shot past Retipuj and ripped open a big hole where he stood.
te	O	How to operate the various instruments that hung from the outside belt and ray showed Gary how to adjust the oxygen ap- paratus.
te	I	“I knew that you were a sleight-of-hand expert, Dick, but I did not know that levitation was one of your specialties,” remarked Crane with mock gravity.
te	O	The thick walls excluded all sound and two hours elapsed without bringing any relief to the prisoners; to go out was impossible.
te	I	The test included a complete inability to understand the value of evidence, an emotional nature easily swayed by the appeals of the attorneys, and an appreciation of the innocence of all good-looking women.
te	I	The bat- teries, however, had perished long ago in the steam- ing jungle air, and I had to wait until morning with this discovery before me."
te	I	Frank, who with his companion and friend, Hugh Brooke, has an interest in an English film company, arrived in the United States on Sept 7 for a ten- day sojourn to study American film production.
te	I	But on Thursday, the Sth, the wind shifted to S.E., and be- came very violent, accompanied by whirling eddies of snow.
te	I	These convict colonies, as I might call them, are under the super- vision of the chief settlement and each year are inspected.
te	I	I carried a heavy rifle, my pistol, and an emergency medicine kit.
te	O	Caused a great deal of comment among his associates and with his brilliant shining eyes and his nervous intense manner he was a unique figure.
te	O	Glanced suspiciously over his class and professor Kepling hesitated.
te	I	But I'll swear the buildings were stone or 'dobe and not palm or thatch."
te	O	See them!” and i do wish you would come.
te	I	Getting a sledge hammer, he knocked off the fastenings, and the fresh tang of the sea air greeted him in his dun- geon, and put the color back into his gray cheeks.
te	O	Saw her emerge, hauling the inanimate body with red-stained hantls and the odd- job man was coming up the garden, amazed at the smashing of glass.
te	O	Struck him a beautiful blow between the eyes and a fish hunter, (please note I did not say fisherman), sitting on a conveniently projecting rock, thrust a copper dart at Mr. Fish.
te	O	To mention anything before the Sigma Ray, is utterly absurd and to speak of the work of John For- sythe.
te	O	You’ve shat- tered a lot of my knowledge today.” but we were taught that it was impossible.
te	O	He was once again clutched in a temporary state of death in which he could sleep for ages without actually tumbling into the Great Abyss and finally a deep blackness engulfed him.
te	O	Nearly all of these were introduced to America by the Europeans or “did not you, yourself, assure me that all.
te	I	Then Uncle Prudent folded up the note, shut it in the box, and bound the box round with a piece of worsted so as to keep it from opening as it fell.
te	O	Tied him to the foot of the ladder, after taking his costume from Not five minutes passed before two bacteriologists, apparently, emerged from the doorway and they gagged him.
te	I	The death of my par¬ ents left me wealthy and rather disinclined to return to the home of my youth.
te	I	Not only has Malta been entirely lost, but of the Ionian Islands that were under England's protec- tion, there seems to be but little left."
te	I	Those whose escape I blocked dropped their weapons and shrank back against the smooth, irri- descent green walls.
te	I	I am tired of being a stenographer, I want to go to war and be a nurse and bind up wounds and — everything.”
te	O	Heavily traveled, were now broken and twisted by the sub-surface convulsions of a planet in its death throes and long unused roads, which had in past ages been smooth.
te	O	Tried the handle with a pocket knife before replying and asked Nankivell as he passed it to I tested the spring of the blade.
te	O	As he does so, the three are startled by the sound of a whistle which comes distinctly from the horn and he stands back.
te	I	It was a happy life-like scene and the reproductions of the people of Abrui were very fine.
te	O	We have decided that your ideas of us are all wrong and we have been of little real benefit.
te	O	Well appointed homes and in the first place, I found there were nearly a million of these people, living in artistically constructed.
te	O	Then ad- vertise your meetings to the world in this way and you go to a great deal of trouble to get seclusion.
te	I	It well merited the name of a park — a park with mountains for hills, with lakes for ponds, with rivers for streamlets, and with geysers of mar- velous power instead of fountains.
te	O	By a THE DESERT OF ICE 255 violent effort he barely managed to restrain himself but hatteras trembled with suppressed passion.
te	I	He could find none, and he rose and groped about the toilet-table.
te	O	I thought myself actually dead, withered, tattered, dried, one eye (I saw) pecked out by birds but i was still sitting in the chair.
te	O	The Gen- eral picked up the object in question and “there’s no trick about this bullet,”.
te	I	She was lying clutch- ing my feet and quite motionless, with her face to the ground.
te	O	Forth alsout 200 times, howling frightfully all the while, we took pity on him and stopped him with our hands and it was so slight, however, that after he had bounced back.
te	O	Windsor back aboard the Red Rover." and "smith, you may take Brand.
te	I	After that they felt greatly relieved, conscious that the mes- sages would be promptly seen and straightway broad- cast to friends and relatives.
te	I	Provisions were abundant, and the sick men were so excited by the hope of return that they were almost well.
te	I	can never grasp these relativity and fourth dimensional ideas.
te	I	On top of a large boulder, still wearing his look of condescension and amusement, sat the recent prisoner of the expedition, 'Mr. Three.
te	I	“But which party has been chosen and who is the lucky candidate?”
te	I	They are so placed to hold the citizens in awe, so that each and every one will line up and pay the admission toll.
te	O	Whence you can witness that which shall take place." and "come," he said, "I shall lead you where you will be safe.
te	I	/ have tried it upon myself and felt the immense in- crease in mental power which it engenders.
te	I	And, I thought, it must have been Alexander that carried him, and that had swept up Xenora.
te	I	I do wish you would come and see them !”
te	I	Five times I saw sails, and thrice smoke; but noth- ing ever touched the island.
te	I	Soon Cavor accidentia succeeds in his experi- ments and the accident causes some thousands of dollars in damages to surrounding buildings and, both their homes and almost cost them their lives.
te	I	“As soon as I was able, I clambered over the side of the cockpit, carrying my canteen and automatic, which were themselves immensely heavy.
te	O	Much better muscled and he was heavier.
te	O	With little hope of getting there before the terrible red disintegration had melted us away but i drove rapidly for the purple wood.
te	O	Primary exploration of the lunarians and he had, therefore, been a witness to the landing.
te	I	But you must remember, that I had been alone, play-writing in Lympne, for fourteen days, and my compunction for his ruined walk still hung about me.
te	I	Make an official report of the en- tire matter and I will investigate it.
te	O	I could not comprehend one-half of the things they said but however, if I raised my eyebrows, the New Yorkers were able to understand me.
te	I	He had written many applica- tions with no result, and was in despair.
te	O	The accident causes some thousands of dollars in damages to surrounding buildings and, both their homes and almost cost them their lives and soon Cavor accidentia succeeds in his experi- ments.
te	O	Thundering and clank- ing with the metals, they took up the chase and then, they stretched out in three lines.
te	I	But I got a grip on my nerves and shouted back, ‘No, I’m not Cesare!’
te	I	And there are Comets, and Meteors, and-” “Never mind all them,” Tubby interrupted hastily.
te	O	The feeble cracks of their weapons showed the futility of trying to stop the mob by such means but riflemen fired from between the cars.
te	O	There is no great joy in exploring a planet unless you can really get out and stand upon its surface and we can not leave the car.
te	O	All the mountainous structures below and woolworth too was gone.
te	I	The sovereign, the royal family, the masculine and feminine army, and the population had all gone out of the capital to a vast plain a few miles away surrounded by mag- nificent forests.
te	I	It’s cooked to an ash, and their water was all boiled away through the safety- valves.
te	O	I’ll send a boat after you.” and “sure — sit tight.
te	I	The deluging rains appeared to be confined to the Middle West and the Northwest, while at New York the sky simply grew thicker and seemed to squeeze out moisture in the form of watery dust.
te	O	Also he must have tools, for that is the only way the intelligence of the brain may be expressed but he must have a brain, of course.
te	I	Six guns roared at the same time, and six shells burst nearer the planes.
te	O	Wilder thoughts were racing through my brain — were all the various human races repre- sented in atomic-sized individuals and or, — wilder.
te	O	The solitary compositor who did the thing had amused himself by making a grotesque scheme of advertisement stereo on the back page but most of it was in blank.
te	I	In fact, the control of that ex- plosive copper bullet is the only thing they had that I wasn’t able to get — and I’ll get that on this trip.”
te	O	How could the death of a bird be homicide, or as you put it, murder and homicide means man-killing.
te	I	Jaf Lugur is hot for conquest; so Yolara and so the Council.
te	O	Retire for the night, his patience was rewarded and and late that evening, just as we were about to give up.
te	I	I watched Animula for hours with a breaking heart, and she seemed absolutely to wither away under my very eye.
te	O	The amuse- ments of the colony or with dogged obstinacy, Isaac Hakkabut refused to take any share either in the labors.
te	I	The sail was quickly hoisted, and the sledge, just as if it had expanded a huge white wing, was in a little while carried far away beyond the horizon.
te	O	Explained that in consequence of the nature of the communication he had to make, he considered that some one with ability to judge of its scientific value should be present and mr. Mansfield introduced Professor McFaden.
te	O	234 AMAZING STORIES who knows what wickedness they may be capable of but winter has them fast in iron chains.
te	O	To me alone be- the management of published by t after 1850 but "monsieur," said I, taking the only course now "you have come; very well, you will re- main.
te	I	Captain Hamilton rose and bowed gravely to Williams.
te	I	It was then I caught my first glimpse of the unbelievable riders that perched on their shoulders and rode them, much as human beings ride horses.
te	I	Dennison was silent, almost brooding, until Tom reached over and shook him by the shoulder.
te	O	Store-room were immacu¬ late, Tubby and Ameena returned to the instrument room and when the kitchen.
te	I	These were the claws and the pigment stuff — what is it?
te	I	“Thc}' don’t know an3'lhing about matches or smok- ing,” he said, turniug to Crane.
te	I	“All that remains to be done is to take our lens- material and go,” replied Rovol, as he took from a cup- board the largest faidon that Seaton had ever seen.
te	I	By the light of an electric bulb—for the side and floor windows admitted nothing but starlight—Tubby examined it.
te	I	Turn it aside, or we will be destroyed !”
te	I	I went on in the direction I thought was south but which I now imagine must have been about due north, without detecting a single familiar object.
te	I	And besides, Phil and I have been united in the two-dimensional world, and if you wish it, for the sake of propriety, we will be married in the three-dimensional world."
te	O	His com- panions, well armed, went out to reconnoiter the state of the snow and next morning at early dawn, Hatteras.
te	O	A practical absurdity but it may be one of those things that are a theoretical possibility.
te	O	Thanks for what you've told me." but bob, me lad.
te	I	The eastern sky was brightening, and the density of the haze had begun to decrease, so that we could see 522 AMAZING STORIES the crystal monster dimly through it.
te	O	Striving hard to keep from nodding into a doze and "long way from land, though," Ben objected, looking doubtfully at the oars.
te	O	Take all this in the day’s work.” and it’s a good thing we are journalists.
te	I	She explained that they had as much as thirty pounds in gold besides a five-pound note, and sug- gested that with that they might get upon a train at St. Albans or New Barnet.
te	I	The smoke of Brother Fire rose straight and steady from the squatting-place, just as it had done ten minutes ago, when the old woman had stood yonder worshipping the lion.
te	O	Valor only to be turned back by the stubborn defense led by the equally formidable James and a dozen times did Lothaire perform prodigies of skill.
te	O	Threw it under the table and and he crumpled the paper to a tight ball.
te	O	Peered through the eyepiece of the visiray telescope, studying minutely the forbidding surface of the satellite they were so rapidly approaching and it s pretty bleak, no fooling,” he admitted.
te	O	The sick men were so excited by the hope of return that they were almost well and provisions were abundant.
te	I	asked Nankivell as he passed it to I tested the spring of the blade and tried the handle with a pocket knife before replying.
te	I	But this is not fiction and hence it is not surprising that salt was not the desired material.
te	O	Are constantly building up a supply of stray impulses, completely filling the earth’s atmospheric en- but these are very slight.
te	O	They may be developing some form of telepathy, which accounts for it and "however, we all know that Troyana has means of communication that are different from any- thing we knew of.
te	O	Approached the man and vardas, the bacteriologist, filled a hypodermic syringe from the culture in the glass jar.
te	I	The rim sinks lower and lower, and all of a sudden by some queer magic, it has become small and convex.
te	O	A drug-fiend and that in such case he would continue his attacks and, moreover, would not reason that he was courting disaster by reappearing or but we reasoned that he must be a maniac.
te	I	The main difficulty was to get at the telephonoscope without being blocked by Fleck- ner or one of his two men.
te	O	Anatomical knowledge, argued that my fears were groundless and perhaps because of her medical.
te	O	One of the nicest women I ever knew had two pet pythons that followed her around like kittens and damn me if I see any difference between a frog and a snake.
te	I	They look upon us as anything but a courageous race.
te	O	Left as far as eye could reach and beyond the spheres, miles away, gigantic, luminous cliffs towered mountain high, stretching to right.
te	I	As the bearers moved it into place the mourners redoubled their cries, tom-toms thundered deafeningly in the low-vaulted tomb and wind instruments shrieked their wild ululations.
te	O	Touch only on the more important phases of the Change and we can sum- marize the developments.
te	I	Cosmo consented, for Blank seemed to him to have become quite a changed man, and was some- times full of practical suggestions.
te	O	Appeared to have been waiting patiently for some time for me to awake and the fairy people were taking me all in.
te	I	Several men have offered to buy the little one for as much as a hundred thousand, but of course we would not sell her for any amount.
te	O	Even to walk about the deck and we were allowed to stand, though our arms were bound behind us.
te	I	On Mars the reverse is true, it has a thin atmosphere and prac- tically no clouds all the year around.
te	O	Feel his heart beating, you would probably find it quite like the heart of any one else and if you, as an ordinary careless person, were to bare his chest.
te	I	There was very little sleep for me that night, for soon after daylight he was knocking on my door and calling me to get up.
te	O	Unworthy their eyes turned toward the palace and then I saw the Indians gather, to admit it, for it was a rather childish.
te	O	A well-directed blow tore the automatic from my hand and i whirled —.
te	I	He was a humane, kind-hearted man and thoroughly antagonistic to vivisection.
te	I	Presently he stopped and the strange light bathed him also.
te	O	Disused cells of hunting wasps and and best of all, back in the little pocket in the mountainside, they found old.
te	I	To Austin's reply that he hadn't, the doctor said: "Stoddard and Company have failed."
te	I	I don't think that we'd be dematerialized, either, because the situation would give him something more to think about for another thousand cycles ; and thinking seemed to be his main object in life.
te	O	Glittering eyes, green and snake-like and beside the throne stood Pelug, the thin, scrawny man, with scraggy yellow beard.
te	I	The yellow fire was gone from the spikes, but the red surface shone with a metallic luster.
te	O	Not a word of it did he breathe to the poputus and in a sense, he knew every- thing which man could desire to know.
te	O	He resolved never to use his tremendous fame as a lever to hoist himself into a vast fortune in the world of the theatre but he would probably become wealthy as a side issue.
te	I	None of the men had a gun or any means of protection, and Sam, who was in front, turned BO quickly that he knocked the Judge com- pletely off his feet.
te	O	Crime, with a homeless, terror-stricken populace, it awaited the glacier’s coming sedately and with dignity, like an aristocrat and festered with disease, hunger.
te	O	The throttle here permits you to give the engine any head of gas and this link motion controls the cut-ofE and the reverse.
te	I	The new vessel did not make another voyage until nine sister ships were ready and manned, each with two Terrestrial officers and one Callistonian gunner.
te	I	Scenes were enacted that would have been almost incredible as occurring in mediaeval or ancient times, but which no one would have believed pos- sible in ours.
te	O	Because our appointed time has come but true, we leave our bodies, not because they are worn out.
te	O	Means for obtaining the requisite amount of charcoal and dURING my grinding operation, I began to de- vise ways.
te	I	Ham- ilton seized the exposed end of the wire in his mittened hand and touched it to the core of the cable.
te	O	Dorr puffed on a Havana cigar with enjoyment and ezra found the cigarettes of his host to his liking.
te	O	Darkly blue, almost violet and the sun itself hung low in the west, in a sky that was clear.
te	O	His mind came round to brood upon his chase down the hill and the struggle about the inn and the Invisible Man’s wrist was growing painful; he was feverish, ex- hausted.
te	O	Signaled Seaton to do the same “I’ve got to hand it to you, ace — you sure arc a blinding flash and a deafening report!” and rovol left his seat, discarded his armor.
te	O	Down the room behind the Colonel’s chair and “of course,” Dr. Wentworth was saying, as he paced up.
te	O	With a startling suddenness that caused surprise and some consterna- tion among the residents of those Pacific islands and but suddenly she died, completely.
te	I	She had been cunning from the first, cunning to please Uya and to get food.
te	I	Somehow the messages have been intercepted or the lines cut.
te	I	We came out in the open without any further mishap, and I instructed Gibbons in the ship to light the knob on the end of the ultron wire.
te	O	Less and no deadly yellow finger of Death touched me and called me its own and the breach in the golden light that encircled the Lunite camp was becoming less.
te	O	Shouted: "The Treasure of Tantalus at last!" and then Fleckner jumped to his feet.
te	O	The inspiring power of love and but, in thinking that Ala could do nothing for us, I underrated her abilities.
te	O	Devoted themselves to waging war against the Anti-Tobacco League and after a few more sarcastic comments, the New York papers completely forgot about it.
te	O	The Northwest, while at New York the sky simply grew thicker and seemed to squeeze out moisture in the form of watery dust and the deluging rains appeared to be confined to the Middle West.
te	O	A full hour was needed to restore order after the thunderous applause was started that greeted the appearance of Philip and Kirk and the hall was jammed to the doors.
te	I	Two hours elapsed without bringing any relief to the prisoners ; to go out was impossible, and the thick walls excluded all sound.
te	O	We hope to make a longer flight soon and “we did not find it necessary to change any of our apparatus.
te	O	The doom of Amos and his cohorts or if I did hear them, what did they signify; the doom of my two friends and thus the doom of Troyana.
te	I	I told him I had spent some years at the Royal College of Science, and had done some researches in biology under Huxley.
te	O	I made well in the selling and "yes, he bought you dearly, worthless girl.
te	I	Look at his hideous jaws, and that row of monstrous teeth.
te	O	Nebulium which, as the child of nebula and sun, we inherit and and what miracles are there in coronium.
te	I	While I washed, Lloyd and Rosonoff joined me.
te	O	Gasped to see the disc of a planet swinging between us and the star-spangled blackness of space and we turned our faces upward almost simultaneously.
te	I	ing my presence there, and how I am to trace the movements of Fair without following anv trail he may have left without seeing it, is more than I can imagine."
te	O	Energy in making useless aerial toys and still it seemed to me that sane human beings were likely at this moment to be engaged in reconstructive work instead of wasting valuable time.
te	I	DURING my grinding operation, I began to de- vise ways and means for obtaining the requisite amount of charcoal.
te	I	Montgomery Steered us round and into a narrow little dock ex- cavated in the beach.
te	O	Gave a little (Continued on page 180) and mr. Gordan opened the front door.
te	I	Their course as laid out, passed directly over New Orleans and measured almost exactly seven thousand miles from New York.
te	I	“Certain phenomena which occurred in Nature, however, seemed to require still other rays to ac- count for them, and finally, in 1898, Dr. Roentgen discovered the ray which has been named after him.
te	O	Things you put around in rooms to make them look artistic and he dealt in vases and statuary, book-ends and chimes.
te	O	Be sufficiently secure to bring the children up and we have to invent a sort of life where men can live and breed.
te	I	We were all tumbled in a heap, the car and the sleds being inextricably entangled with the wire ropes.
te	I	He took Arthur's arm, and the two walked toward the stairway again.
te	O	Taken an armed maniac from a dark room without turning a hair; but now as he looked up, he went white and staggered back and he had groped his way up nar- row tenement stairs.
te	I	I lay for a minute and waited to see if I was dead.
te	I	But, in thinking that Ala could do nothing for us, I underrated her abilities and the inspiring power of love.
te	O	Its light was subsequently dimmed to that pro- portion and looking back- wards, they saw the sun as a globe no larger than a golf ball.
te	O	Beheld a sight such as no humans had ever seen before and we finally rounded a projecting corner.
te	I	though the storage battery was fully charged and all the connections were right.
te	O	This time he had done.so but it was rare that he could make uj) his mind cpiickly enough to buy.
te	O	Its other comfortable resources and how we welcomed its friendly protection, its unlimited water supply (though it seemed about to boil).
te	O	The world was better for it and gone, anni- hilated —.
te	O	Something else has happened to prevent it or but hitherto I have not found the time.
te	I	In the mountains are several species of wild animals, which the Taborans hunt, not for their flesh but for their beautiful hides.
te	O	When we had done he looked inquiringly at Pedro but no trace of enlightenment passed over his face.
te	O	Blowing it to one side, perfectly fluid but it was cutting the metal rapidly now, not burning it.
te	I	He leaped to his feet, amazed at the colossal lie, and faced his accusers with flashing eyes.
te	O	Motionless, stood with folded arms and hector Servadac mute.
te	I	We’d better go back to the Skylark and turn in, and after we’ve slept nine hours or so I’ll go over to Rovol’s laboratory and Crane’ll come back here to you.”
te	I	He caught sight of the girl and ran toward her with a cry of solicitude, arms outstretched.
te	I	She noticed that the air was very close, and loaded with an intense perfume.
te	O	Steel, covered with a mass of shining apparatus and at the outer side of each chair was placed a strong table of oak.
te	O	Still the Doctor thought it ad- visable, in case of possible delays, to limit the rations to one-half but the voyage presented no great difficulties, the drift-ice be- ing easily avoided.
te	O	Small indeed, for the cell -compartment lay in the.same twilight liand as the great Council Compartment, that band- of twilight lying between Triton's dark and sunward sides but that illumination was.
te	I	This caused a great deal of excitement, and every effort was set forth to ascertain whence these voices came.
te	O	Said that he would stay home and be nurse, just to see how it would go and then, about two weeks after his New York trip, he sent his wife out for the afternoon.
te	I	Pen, a coarse brutal fellow at all times, rushed so furiously at the beast one day that he fell right against the capstan, and split his head open frightfully.
te	O	Less than thirteen and a half at six hundred miles an hour," he reflected but "over twelve hours.
te	O	Knew not where to move them but no noise, no hurry — but only a dogged, persistent energy that was capable of moving mountains.
te	I	CHAPTER XV "You of Neptune or We of Earth!"
te	I	“Clam it, ape, or I’ll climb up you like a squirrel !”
te	O	When we come back, things are going to be different.” and we are going up there.
te	I	However, let us observe the shift working at the time of the explosion and see what we may see.
te	O	I'm going to find it." and this thing has a natural explanation.
te	O	Was illuminated from a source of light in the ceiling and it was evidently hewn from solid rock.
te	I	But, we’ll forget it and hunt for a telephone.”
te	O	Now with each succeed- ing view, the screen was less clear, sometimes it blurred and grew indistinct but there were more scenes.
te	I	The planes had been made possible by the invention of a new type of storage battery combining the virtues of lightness and compactness with a charging capacity which enabled it to cover hundreds of miles without re- charging.
te	O	Did not realize how soon, nor under what terrible condi- tions I was to see the most wonderful thing that man has ever dreamed of but “i expressed a wish to see this wonderful sight.
te	O	Loaded with an intense perfume and she noticed that the air was very close.
te	O	Opened the power switch and seaton instantly threw off his headset.
te	I	"Smith, you may take Brand and Windsor back aboard the Red Rover."
te	O	Would soon be free and professor Haskell made one last gesture to detain me when he saw that I had met with success.
te	O	Rode them, much as human beings ride horses and it was then I caught my first glimpse of the unbelievable riders that perched on their shoulders.
te	I	This was uttered with such solemnity that Peth- wick never knew whether it was an account of some weird tragedy of the mountains or whether it was cut out of whole cloth.
te	O	Her head turned?” or “suppose he might have shot himself before her, as she says — ^what’s the difference whether she heard him with her head straight.
te	O	At that I told Ogilvy, and he took my place and a reddish flash at the edge, the slightest projection of the out- line, just as the chronometer struck midnight.
te	O	His color changed and e recoiled at the touch.
te	O	Were swallowed up by the mists in their swift descent and bodies of the blond giants were thrown from the ships as they burst under the impact, bodies that went hurtling toward the great cloud banks.
te	O	He wanted something more but every bodily com- fort that affection could suggest was lavished upon him.
te	O	Gets rid of his rival too and that gives him the whole smear.
te	O	The air became filled with the pungent odor of burned hair — but the brute above remained in an apparently statuesque and a black spot showed on the spot he had aimed at.
te	I	But, drat it 1 there’s nothin’ to do but wait for the big ox to make his next move.
te	I	Burl spoke again, and presently one of the bravest dared approach and touch him.
te	I	Had Filby shown the model and explained the matter in the Time Traveler’s words, we should have shown him, far less skep- ticism.
te	O	Six shells burst nearer the planes and six guns roared at the same time.
te	O	You put our Sun suspended in its center, Mer¬ cury, Venus and the Earth would all have plenty of room to traverse their orbits inside it and well, if Betelgeuse were a hollow globe.
te	O	I work together and «<t\ TY assistant, Doctor Mann.
te	I	The latter, leaving the bow, went to the central hatchway, and descended into the engine room.
te	I	It was some kind of an aircraft, I judged, but different from any I had ever seen before.
te	O	Grew darker step by step and as they advanced, Scoefield noticed that the land descended in successive terraces.
te	I	Quickly Ave crossed to the great .sphere and entered the peculiar .structure.
te	O	Adhere so firmly that the engine was powerless and the loose ice would get en- tangled among the blades of the screw.
te	O	You also know that a few hundred volts more will kill you." and i'll get it anyway,.you know —.
te	O	Some of the things he gave me to work out were cautions but "i didn't learn a great deal about the particular prob- lem that he was working on.
te	I	"It does not move," said Servadae;" and unless I am greatly deceived, I can hear a kind of rever- beration in the air."
te	I	Ezra found the cigarettes of his host to his liking and Dorr puffed on a Havana cigar with enjoyment.
te	O	Have proved your case and but I shall not he convinced until you have made a lens.
te	I	And those universes but nebulae in another great universe 1 Suddenly I be- gan to wonder.
te	O	Tore out across the Atlantic and ten thousand feet below his previous level he straightened out into his old course.
te	I	We are going up there, and when we come back, things are going to be different.”
te	I	We must move with extreme caution, and, I'm afraid, practise some justifiable deception, or we will do more harm than good.
te	I	The Riccadona had been one of the last restaurants in New York to abolish waiters in favor of the modern mechanical service, and we old-time patrons deplored the consequent loss of picturesqueness.
te	I	"It's exciting, I know, and fascinating: a strange lure seems to hold one to the eye-piece, a sort of psychic gravitational force.
te	I	It also stated that this acceleration was only momentary, and would disappear within the next twenty-four hours.
te	O	All the fiercer for that but mrs. Hall appeared after an interval, a little short of breath.
te	O	Much additional machinery was installed in the already well-equipped shop and the copper repellers were banded on.
te	I	The place was honeycombed with narrow galleries running at right angles to each other, and he stumbled over the mummy cases which protruded here and there from niches in the walls.
te	O	Rose with a torn ear and bleeding face and i fell on my forearms and head, among thorns.
te	O	Brandon’s beam bored on through space, unimpeded and the dazzling wall of incandescence had blinked out without warning.
te	O	Less, before it reached the chamber in which the great body of powder was confined or the slow match we calculated to burn for about ten minutes, more.
te	I	Then he changed the course several times dropping deep into mountain valleys and hurtling through passes at top speed.
te	I	Homicide means man-killing, and how could the death of a bird be homicide, or as you put it, murder?
te	I	There was no industry and commerce as we on our plane understand them.
te	I	Professor Kepling hesitated and glanced suspiciously over his class.
te	I	So the day passed, and the night came and they put the little baby to sleep and told her that on the morrow she was going to have a fine nurse with a starched cap to nurse her.
te	I	We now come to the reasons for this, and if you will bear with me for a short period, I shall elucidate.
te	O	Their particular adventures and feats are concerned and "fiction, I grant," he said, "but fic- tion only inasmuch as the names of persons.
te	I	I intend to register this just as it is, and get a ruling from the courts.
te	I	neath it — a perfect job of plating, and one done in the twinkling of an eye.
te	O	The words could not disguise the wonderful glow of happiness that irradiated the lovely little face but "i'm from Missouri," was that young person's flippant reply.
te	O	Steel-like sinews; no, not steel-like sinews, sinews of steel and all that was necessary was a will.
te	O	I have an extremely capable force of assistants and but my means are entirely sufficient to carry out the work.
te	O	Stocky and strong but the other was smaller.
te	I	The temperature was very even, and we experienced no discomforts along that line.
te	O	Chest with their rolling muscles were bared by the single snowy garment that swept back in the wind of his pass- ing and his feet were spread wide apart, his massive limbs.
te	I	The discoveries of 1925- 1975, that greatest half-century in all human his- tory, made it possible and made it work.
te	O	Sam, who was in front, turned BO quickly that he knocked the Judge com- pletely off his feet and none of the men had a gun or any means of protection.
te	O	Transferred to a coastwise vessel for Guayaquil and six weeks after leav- ing Vienna I found myself once more amid familiar scenes and at Panama I outfitted.
te	I	I must confess six hundred miles is a long journey, but we can, or rather we must, make twenty miles a day, which will bring us to the coast about the 26th of March.”
te	O	Neck, which has found favor at our seaside resorts and this was probably a derivative of the practice of letting the sun burn decorative figures on one’s back.
te	I	he asked, speakii.g slowly, and finding each word with evident effort.
te	O	Besides, my room wasn't even touched and "an earthquake would have lasted longer.
te	O	Then upon his old masters of the slave-ship and gnostes had tied his life upon re- venge — revenge on Prah first.
te	O	As he looked into her face she opened her eyes wide and she lay passive in his arms.
te	O	Strode up and down the room and his face was a study as he arose.
te	O	I might be very ill and "if I stay here another minute I'll see that thing as long as I live.
te	I	Several Elsians who walked by the shore of the lake ran in affright for their homes — mere huts and cabins that were set back a little distance from the shore.
te	O	You must refrain from interruptions but i will,” he went on, “tell you the story of what has happened to me, if you like.
te	O	For their beautiful hides but in the mountains are several species of wild animals, which the Taborans hunt, not for their flesh.
te	O	Who is the lucky candidate?” and “but which party has been chosen.
te	I	their brilliant fellow citi- zen, wbo had been the first man to warn the world of its danger, and the fir.st man to suggest a way of escaping it.
te	I	No doubt on one side of him would be a monkey begging for peanuts and on the other a surly orang.
te	I	No trace of enlightenment passed over his face, but when we had done he looked inquiringly at Pedro.
te	I	They decried his science and de- nounced his predictions as the work of a fool or a roadman.
te	I	The number of those underfoot and underwheel far exceeded those that fell victims to the invaders’ rays of death.
te	I	To create protoplasm might in itself have been a Herculean task; but I did not allow my ambition to pause at this point.
te	I	that we were rapidly approaching the borders of the night hemisphere, and our expectations be- came eagerly alive.
te	O	Sup- port the ship were finished and waiting instalment as the party quit work on that fourth evening and the many power units to drive.
te	I	Richard Shandon had no apprehensions on that score, though he had anxieties enough of another nature, and the night before sailing he had a long confidential talk on the subject with the Doctor and his two officers.
te	I	“I do,” I said in the language of Ahm, and I stepped out into the firelight before them.
te	I	“I am glad, Soo Yong, to have you in the worthless Hai Kee’s place, and hope you may prove as worthy as your estimable uncle.”
te	O	If you will bear with me for a short period, I shall elucidate and we now come to the reasons for this.
te	O	Read the story that follows: «‘T^\EAR Russell, -L/ and i got the latter out, walked with shaken steps to the easy chair in the house.
te	O	Heavy enough to crush your uncle’s head in and which would disappear without leaving a damp spot or any other trace.” and perhaps you can suggest a sub- stance which is hard enough.
te	O	I am inclined to think the creatures regarded our clothes as a part of ourselves and no attempt was made to search us.
te	I	Sir Isaac, Tubby and Ameena were on the palace steps when this girl flew past, just over their heads.
te	I	Looking back- wards, they saw the sun as a globe no larger than a golf ball, and its light was subsequently dimmed to that pro- portion.
te	I	The girl smiled tiredly and gave Jimmy her hand.
te	I	From the monstrous shoulders there rose a rather long and very flexible, yet massive and columnar neck, supporting a head neither human nor bestial — a head utterly unknown to Terrestrial history or experience.
te	I	As for Jack, his face showed that he felt as I did ; but he said noth- ing, and Henry, who at best seldom spoke, was as silent and as pale as a ghost.
te	I	“He’ll live, probably, but he got a nasty crack.
te	O	Magics which I will show them if they will give me time." and "tell them," he said to the interpreter, "that I have many other powers.
te	O	Were under the surface of a mesa-like projection of the largest mountain, which was known as Leyris and the caverns were located almost exactly in the center.
te	I	We met Tora and Labvo, who told us that there had been a disaster somewhere and they were now waiting the report from the Ampu in charge of the instruments for recording that sort of thing.
te	O	Evil can be so associated and strange that beauty.
te	O	It reflects or refracts it or does all these things or you know quite well that either a body absorbs light.
te	I	Cosmo Versal's pressing orders, accom- panied by cash, displaced or delayed orders of the government commanding materials for the navy and the air fleet.
te	O	The fir.st man to suggest a way of escaping it and their brilliant fellow citi- zen, wbo had been the first man to warn the world of its danger.
te	O	Going on his tanned face as he drew and he stood puffing on it steadily, with the dim glow coming.
te	I	Over by their airplanes the young fellows slept so soundly and innocently, that their dreams were not in the least disturbed by the crashing and the quaking of the earth.
te	O	Give him half the longitude and ^‘bless me!” said the captain, staring with mingled admiration and doubt at Cosmo Versal, “if you couldn’t beat old Noah round the world.
te	O	I couldn't," They stood a while in silence, watching but "out in the coun- try, where I come from, other people could hear them.
te	I	On the other hand, though you did not know it, perhaps, both you and the ant have always been moving with great rapidity.
te	I	About seventy-five thousand years ago living con- ditions and requirements had become so intense, that practically the final limit had at last been reached— in spite of all their science and all their art.
te	I	The eye-piece of the telescope grew large, covered the whole ground-glass screen, and I was look- ing at the moon.
te	I	Might not the Great Eyrie reproduce in its neighborhood the violence of Mount Rrakatoa or the terrible disaster of Mont Pelee?
te	O	In reality it is a low speed, as speeds go in the universe but this is an average of 2,300 miles an hour and may seem excessive.
te	O	As machine -rooms or on the deck were three houses, whose compartments were used as cabins for the crew.
te	O	A sales catalogue for the strange instrument and perhaps the doctor antici- pated this, for he now produced a book that apparently combined a treatise on the structure of the eye.
te	O	Shook him by the shoulder and dennison was silent, almost brooding, until Tom reached over.
te	O	Contemplated land and sea; then, having given a last glance over the dreary panorama, they pre- pared to wend their way down the mountain and for a few moments they both stood in silence.
te	O	With face set in hard lines, he examined it carefully and then his glance fell on the veranda post, with the four inches missing out of the middle.
te	I	And best of all, back in the little pocket in the mountainside, they found old and disused cells of hunting wasps.
te	I	perhaps because of her medical and anatomical knowledge, argued that my fears were groundless.
te	I	On the 30th of June, Cape Walker came in sight, and soon afterwards Cape Bellot, so named from the brave young French officer who perished in the English expedition.
te	I	They might even have been called chums in those good old days of camaraderie, but with the graduation each had gone his own way, each to his own home-town, each to his own interests.
te	I	Hopeless in bis despair, Julius Mayer finally said, "I suppose there is nothing to do now but notify the .
te	O	Asked that I come to you with their message." and they are both well and happy.
te	I	The only human being on deck was a gaunt and silent sailor at the wheel.
te	O	With the utmost care and pre- cision, he thrust a slender-bladed scalpel into the base of the creature’s brain and so, rather regretfully, he picked up the unsus- pecting rabbit.
te	I	The 24- Foot Lens SIR JOHN HERSCHEL had submitted his plans and calculations in adaptation to an object- glass of twenty-four feet in diameter; just :;mes the size of his venerable father's.
te	O	Palaver with the inhabitants and we did not approach these however, because we could not spare the time to visit.
te	I	During the ensuing days the distance between the two planets continued to decrease, and it be- came more and more obvious that the earth, on her new orbit, was about to cross the orbit of Venus.
te	I	He spoke in low, cultured tones, not looking di- rectly at us, and toying with a paper knife in a nervous fashion as he talked.
te	O	Would disappear within the next twenty-four hours and it also stated that this acceleration was only momentary.
te	I	Ray showed Gary how to adjust the oxygen ap- paratus and how to operate the various instruments that hung from the outside belt.
te	I	He wanted to believe and yet could not.
te	O	Just simply pouring down the hills and up the valley!” and they’re all over the bench up there.
te	O	Removed to some place where he could be cared for and there would be Nahum to deal with now; he must be fed and tended.
te	O	Send Siss to death or victory and he was prepared to shove behind.
te	O	From above the heavy throb of mighty wing-beats was continuous and rustlings and stealthy movements sounded furtively through the night.
te	O	Then a drop, the languid fall of large, warm raindrops that would drip from the moisture-laden skies all through the night began and gradually, now a drop.
te	O	My life upon it was like a dream now and earth seemed far away.
te	O	I wanted to ask you if you could run up here in about an hour from now but i apologize duly for the intrusion.
te	O	No one mourned any of the German dead or Benson, the traitor, whose ugly story was first told in Bowen Tyler’s manuscript and of the Allies there were only Tippet and James to be mourned.
te	O	As it spit and flared up and drove back the Mor- locks and the shadows, I knelt down and lifted up Weena and i lit the block of camphor and flung it to the ground.
te	O	Finding each word with evident effort and he asked, speakii.g slowly.
te	O	I did not allow my ambition to pause at this point but to create protoplasm might in itself have been a Herculean task.
te	I	Her eyes were as hard to him, as hard and expressionless and void of recognition, as the eyes of a statue.
te	I	His uncle turned over the keys of the house to him, paid him his salary in advance, and established credit with a firm of decorators.
te	O	His interrupted dinner and put him in irons," was the captain's succinct reply, as he turned to- ward the cabin.
te	O	If beauty meant death; better life in the sterility of the metropolis but many of us realized that Earth was no longer beautiful.
te	I	That meant one hundred and twenty a minute ; seven thou- sand, two hundred an hour, or 1 72,800 in the course of twenty-four hours.
te	I	We did not send them at once, for one of 11s must be there to receive them, and we had no intention of returning as yet.
te	O	The combination of late hours and a lulling voice was liable to get me yet... but if only that man could speak more roughly.
te	O	We'll see what we " There was a raucous crash and then silence from the communicator but we can muster only about three hundred effectives all told.
te	I	They were preparing their evening tasks, and he noticed with interest that several were cheating with their Euclid riders by means of a crib, a com¬ pilation whose existence he had hitherto never sus¬ pected.
te	O	The terrible disaster of Mont Pelee or might not the Great Eyrie reproduce in its neighborhood the violence of Mount Rrakatoa.
te	O	They feel that you can’t be everywhere at once but we have spread the news of your Paris success and the fact that you are now due here.
te	I	"However, we all know that Troyana has means of communication that are different from any- thing we knew of, and they may be developing some form of telepathy, which accounts for it.
te	O	More buoyant — necessary points, as you will see and we use cord rather than wire rope because it's easier to cut.
te	I	“Gentlemen,” he said when the conference had assem- bled and its purpose had been made clear, “this whole matter is beyond my experience.
te	I	I saw a flower- ing branch bend and snap as though a hand had broken it — but no hand was there !
te	O	Tubby and Ameena engrossed themselves in each other’s companionship and for nearly a week the vehicle, with steady accelera¬ tion, dropped into Space, while Sir Isaac worked almost incessantly at his computations.
te	I	They tried to sell him a parachute with the Waco and he laughed in their faces.
te	I	A second later, a great flash, a shower of “sparks,” and that world was no more.
te	I	The Invisible Man had him down grimly, but his arms were free, and he struck and tried to kick savagely.
te	I	They don’t interfere with any- thing solid, though, and won’t hurt anything.
te	I	At that he swung round, and set' off at a quick walk.
te	I	and, heedless of Ramon's detachment, I seized his shoulder, shook him into consciousness and insisted on talking to him.
te	I	To my surprise she consented, and I lost no time in speeding my volplane to her home.
te	O	Permeates all things and as for the Thon, we know not whence it comes, we only know it fills all space.
te	I	Later on we gave them paper money and told them that each piece of paper represented so much metal and it worked like a charm, so long as they believed us.
te	I	Astronomers on earth looking at her long ago suspected it, and it strikes me as a providential thing for these people.
te	O	We were in great physical discomfort, but for all that we were no longer in a nightmare and the air was intensely hot.
te	I	We supped at a common table with all the people of the farm ; and our sleep that night was sound and wholly untroubled by premonitions of the future.
te	I	For a minute there was a rough and tumble combat which the old man terminated by pulling the two apart ^TORIES of the far distant future are generally very in^ teresting and always compel our attention.
te	I	Then one would be out upon the amber-lit snow there, and half-way up to tile crest of those beautiful desolations.
te	O	A volley from our rifles caused them to change their minds but they were inclined to attack us at first.
te	O	Then went hopping rapidly off the screen and it came to a stop for a moment.
te	I	I ran into my cabin, grasped my emergency medical kit and climbed down the rope ladder.
te	O	Presently came to rest so as to block out a portion of the view and the blankets and cases of provisions were also creeping slowly down the glass.
te	O	Was placed between the electrodes and a bottle of mucilage was selected for the demon¬ stration.
te	O	Company have failed." and to Austin's reply that he hadn't, the doctor said: "Stoddard.
te	O	Only a woman will answer and "we need an emergency nurse at once.
te	O	Thoroughly antagonistic to vivisection and he was a humane, kind-hearted man.
te	I	There would be Nahum to deal with now; he must be fed and tended, and removed to some place where he could be cared for.
te	I	I am hardly fitted even for that task, for I am one of the lowliest of the race of men, lacking in education, and with practically no knowledge of the economics of government.
te	O	Turned quickly at a shout from Ray and Eddie but he could scarce drag his eyes from the mar- velous sight.
te	O	So the Council and jaf Lugur is hot for conquest; so Yolara.
te	I	We dismissed them there and took the paddles ourselves and, although the pad- dling stiffened us up a little, we had the advantage of having the current with us and we made good speed.
te	O	I have no protective at- mosphere, so the tendency is to reach a super-tropical temperature and i receive heat at exactly the same rate the Earth does.
te	O	Gave Jimmy her hand and the girl smiled tiredly.
te	I	Of course the child will be rather unusual for a few years, but when it reaches maturity it will at once assume a position of renown in a scientific and educational world.
te	O	We entered the tunnel, which nobody had visited since our former adventure and i gave the required promise.
te	I	The women seemed to have cooked the breakfast and were generally helping the men with the housework.
te	I	He compared it to a colossal puff of flame, suddenly and violently squirted out of the planet, "as flaming gas rushes out of a gun."
te	O	One hundredth of an ampere, for a little over the requisite six hours, in order to make sure of getting all of the precious stuff possible or we ran at ten milliamperes.
te	I	Dr. Kramm, over- whelmed at the knowledge that his intended gift to mankind had turned out to be a curse, had been giving exhaustively of his days and nights in the attempt to discover some remedy.
te	I	It was now forced upon tne, and I must tell him the truth.
te	O	Even one-third that of a bullet or now, sound travels at the rate of one thousand, eighty-seven feet a second, a speed about one-half.
