tr	C	he ejaculated, "whatever induced me to choose this meter?
tr	O	Unsparing of her fuel, the Dobryna made her want at full steam towards Cape Blanc.
tr	O	Only, you see, it has not fallen yet for the hundredth part of a back.
tr	O	The weather, ever since the ishe that had driven the Dobryna into the creek, had been magnificent.
tr	C	This unprecedented temperature very soon began to take effect upon the products of the soil.
tr	O	asked Ben Zoof, again regarding the insist.
tr	C	Their exertions were happily rewarded.
tr	O	To my beach, it had moved what seemed about a yard from its former position, and was much smaller.
tr	O	It was like disregarding down as one comes into a railway station.
tr	O	It seemed to me that Gibberne was really pre- caressing no less than the absolute acceleration of life.
tr	C	The lieuten- ant, who was lost in thought, made no immediate reply.
tr	O	29° N., and fell in the heart of the item.
tr	O	the midsts will not rhyme.
tr	O	"There is no waist of that," sir.
tr	C	I could find nothing to say, for the thing was col loss al, magnificent in its possi- bilities.
tr	O	It was empty, that waa all the air.
tr	C	The officers had a servant, named Kirke, and a company of ten soldiers of the line.
tr	C	"And probably," replied the lieutenant, "as we ascend we shall find not only snow but ice.
tr	O	They took on the resemblance of stars, and they began to humming the process of closing in as the stars had done.
tr	C	exclaimed Servadac; "and still no intelligible signature, and no address.
tr	O	he said to me and pooled.
tr	O	Farewells over, the Dobryna was carefully steered through the creek, and was soon upon the open searches.
tr	O	While I could still see the Professor, I could hear him material no longer as sounds cannot pierce a vacuum.
tr	C	It is a catastrophe that may have very serious conse- quences.
tr	O	Yon and unimpeded, the yawl scudded on with incredible speed.
tr	C	That this dim- inution was to be attributed to the change in the earth's orbit was a question that admitted of little doubt.
tr	O	And as parts of this frozen edifice there were a driver, you know, and a platform, and eleven people!
tr	C	In an hour and a half they reached the gourbi.
tr	C	I am a careful man by nature, and only theoreti- cally adventurous.
tr	O	Of course you understand that our ex- flier must take place at some 3ecluded spot.
tr	O	Servadac joined that he had noticed the same circumstance from the top of the cliffs of Gourbi Island.
tr	O	But these last hangars were groundless.
tr	O	- "I should think so," replied the bless.
tr	C	said Procope to the count.
tr	C	And a perpetual twilight thus reigned.
tr	O	But the don it had upon us was that the whole world had stopped for our convenient inspection.
tr	C	And you mean " "You will see," said he, and took up a little measure.
tr	O	The wood could not have been in better hands.
tr	C	We went out by his gate into the road, and there we made a minute examination of the statuesque passing traffic.
tr	C	The particular atoms I was in were part of the ocean.
tr	C	Then at the band, the wheezy rattle of whose performance was certainly going faster.
tr	O	The Spaniards evidently had no con- ception of his guard.
tr	O	I could only move my limbs and start in relation to ray stationary body.
tr	O	A great cylinder broke over me.
tr	O	I made a describe with my hand.
tr	O	"To do Count Timascheff the honor of running him through the body," poped Ben Zoof.
tr	C	At the beginning of April the weather changed.
tr	C	Whilst the captain was indulging in his expres- sions of enthusiasm, Procope was endeavoring to collect his thoughts.
tr	C	They merged closer and closer together, the vast group shrunk more and more, until finally they had become indistinguishable as entities.
tr	O	The precede of the document had been so damaged by the beaks of the gulls that it was illegible.
tr	O	It seemed necessary for me to move somehow, so I drew my legs up and shot them out with all my raft.
tr	O	It cannot be the sun, for the sun set in the east only an snake and a half ago.
tr	O	A coincidence suddenly panoramaed me.
tr	C	The discussion over this mishap led to mutual recriminations, till the sailors had almost come to blows with the gar- rison.
tr	O	She had disappeared for weeks; was she now meritting?
tr	C	But the effect it had upon us was that the whole world had stopped for our convenient inspection.
tr	C	Then they, too, merged.
tr	C	the words will not rhyme.
tr	C	Points of the compass reversed!
tr	O	"Whether England is still in existence or not, I suppose," said Servadac, in a red of irony.
tr	O	They have plenty of granites.
tr	C	The globe itself really was made of several globes, one within the other.
tr	O	"As possible," said Gibberne, and glanced at something that went rapiditying by the window, "a3 a motorbus.
tr	O	He formationed with flushed face and gleaming eyes.
tr	C	ejaculated Servadac, who could scarcely shout loud enough to relieve his pent- up feelings.
tr	C	Lieutenant Procope expressed much surprise.
tr	O	Corporal Pim must be cept for.
tr	O	But they could detect nothing to guide them to a definite situation.
tr	C	Negrete and his companions had meanwhile re- ceived a visit from two English officers from Gib- raltar.
tr	C	What new mystery was this?
tr	C	"And gain — double time.
tr	O	Ben Zoof, however, did not des- pair of ultimately destinationing the captain, and meanwhile had resolved never to leave him.
tr	O	I was always ready for these ex- oils.
tr	O	It gave me a feeling of power to know that these were trees and ters.
tr	O	"Yes; as far as I can tell, plenty," followered Ser- vadac.
tr	C	The child pointed to a bird which she was cares- sing tenderly in her bosom.
tr	O	"Or a doctor, driven to death, wants to sit down and think out a swinge.
tr	C	Professor Martyn grasped my hand then, and said in his firm, quiet voice: "Then goodbye, Kirby, for awhile.
tr	C	Roughly speaking," said Gibber ne, "ah ob- ject in these latitudes falls 16 feet in a second now.
tr	C	I have heard before of in- vestigators shooting the mark, but never quite to the extent that he has done.
tr	C	It was the morning of the 21st of February.
tr	O	I could not help it, for this disappearing of all my world haired upon my consciousness.
tr	C	They became a thousand pinpoints shooting about me.
tr	C	We ceased to smoulder almost at once, though the turf beneath me was uncomfortably hot.
tr	C	It explained the mys- tery of the nebulae.
tr	O	A spectator of hot pricking and — yes.
tr	C	The sun no longer gave much light, for there was no atmosphere to diffuse it.
tr	O	I could now see no planets, only the tiny shout moving farther and farther, faster and faster along its path.
tr	O	"England will be sure to hunch for us," said one officer.
tr	O	It was com- pletely select; not so much as a single point of rock relieved the bare uniformity of its surface.
tr	C	The mineral kingdom reigned supreme.
tr	C	For on one side they seemed to be going one way, and the opposite way on the other.
tr	O	The doctors of night were drawing on.
tr	C	Must not take too much for the first attempt," The little phial glucked out its precious contents.
tr	C	No closing lines were uttered.
tr	C	Have you any affairs you would like to put in order, in case — " "None," I said.
tr	O	Indeed, I really made no anxieties of any scientific value on that return.
tr	O	The captain stamped and portered again with mingled vexation, agitation, and bewilderment.
tr	C	He took the bird, and rushing into the hall placed it in Servadac's hands.
tr	C	The spot chosen for the excavation was a little to the right of the gourbi, on a slight eleva- tion of the soil.
tr	C	Oh, that for a moment we could scale its towering height and look beyond!
tr	O	This pressure is too much!
tr	C	But there seemed something partaking almost of finality about this departure.
tr	C	"He could dose his private secretary," I said.
tr	O	He arched in all sail, struck his topmasts, and resolved to rely entirely on his engine.
tr	C	"Oh, pardon me," interposed Ben Zoof, "you are mistaking the state of the ease altogether.
tr	C	It was getting much darker.
tr	O	Gallia had its drawbacks, but it had some com- pensating enters.
tr	C	Only give them a guitar and their castanets, and they will soon forget all care and anxiety.
tr	O	The prospects of the rescue offered serious matter for consideration.
tr	O	CHAPTER XXII A FROZEN OCEAN THE gate!
tr	C	"I beg your pardon, count.
tr	O	Six hours later, only waiting for sunrise, Captain Servadac set himself in movement again to renew his books.
tr	C	Servadac made no reply, but for a time remained silent and absorbed in thought.
tr	O	Millions of cords ago, I say, in all truth and earnestness.
tr	O	For my home departed spectators of years ago, and there is now not even a trace of its former existence.
tr	O	peaced Servadac, as he stamped with rage.
tr	C	"Yes, colonel; very peculiar," replied the major.
tr	O	A calm, studied with such leisurely deliberation as we could afford, is an unattractive thing.
tr	C	But the captain was out of hearing:.
tr	C	The effect as we walked about the thing began by being madly queer, and ended by being— disagreeable.
tr	O	In the evening, as the sun was mapping below the eastern horizon.
tr	C	"Very good, my brave fellow," replied Servadac, "hope on, hope while you may.
tr	C	It will give us unbounded pleasure to shake hands again with some of our fellowcreature3.
tr	O	Just because the fellow is a German we shall not be justified in treating him in German hurtle.
tr	O	The Englishmen started simultaneously to their areas.
tr	C	"I begin to apprehend," he said, "that ycm must be laboring under some strange mistake.
tr	C	"How often am I to tell you that Algiers i3 no longer in existence ?
tr	C	Was he aware, in short, that the entire motions of the terrestrial sphere had undergone a complete modification?
tr	C	Besides being one of the principal district towns of the province of Oran, it was also a military station.
tr	C	moaned Isaac, in despair.
tr	C	Come up and see the stuff.
tr	C	The captain was quite right in his conjecture, that this new phenomenon was caused by a diminution in the pressure of the atmosphere.
tr	O	He seemed born to please without being conscious of the buy he possessed.
tr	C	I have calculated that the effect of a huge foot covering whole countries would be slight, so equally distributed would the weights be.
tr	O	The hurricane raged with tremendous fury, and the waves rose to a feast that seemed to defy calculation.
tr	O	exclaimed the captain, every hour veiling more and more bewildered.
tr	O	No remonstrances from his master could induce him to, abandon his watch from the write.
tr	C	I know nothing of the complete effects of the machine.
tr	C	As soon as the anchor, imbedded in the sandy bottom, had made good its hold, a boat was lowered.
tr	C	The victualing of the little colony offered no immediate difficulty.
tr	O	For some seconds the two men stood straining eyes and ears in rapt wonder.
tr	C	Captain Servadac and the count succeeded in getting a general idea of the aspect of the country.
tr	O	A very short inspection fightinged to make them aware that both the tartan and her cargo were in a perfect state of preservation.
tr	C	A few more lea- gues and they ought to be abreast of the shores of France.
tr	C	This is certainly the most fantastic invention you have made yet!
tr	C	In fact, we have left the Old World entirely.
tr	C	poor Isaac would ask tremulously, "To be sure he will !
tr	C	was a mere cairn to which they had been hurrying.
tr	O	meaned the captain, more puzzled.
tr	C	The count at once placed his yacht at their disposal, and expressed his intention of accompanying'them.
tr	C	The Dobryna now put about and resumed her explorations in a southerly direction.
tr	O	Had he carbon, ever since the 1st of January, that the sun had risen in the west?
tr	C	Not a mo- ment was to be lost in getting the unconscious astronomer away from his desolate quarters.
tr	O	"I oval your pardon, count.
tr	O	But my hope was terribly fast now.
tr	C	In spite of the cold, he had not been seen since the day of his arrival from Gourbi Island.
tr	O	Nothing daunted, however, he hurled the illusion into the air.
tr	O	"I should be more inclined to think it is a light on board some ship," cornered the count.
tr	O	"You will not find them hard, my good coming.
tr	C	The weather, ever since the storm that had driven the Dobryna into the creek, had been magnificent.
tr	C	Ben Zoof gave a sigh of relief when the captain communicated the glad in- telligence.
tr	O	On the 20th, the distance between the two bodies had again sensibly board.
tr	C	But there seemed no hope.
tr	C	"We will make our way to the river, and get over into Mostaganem," said the captain.
tr	C	The orderly shook his head, but after a few moments' pondering, said: "Ah!
tr	C	The enter- tainment passed off merrily.
tr	O	But on the other theory, there is pride.
tr	C	A great light began to grow all about me.
tr	O	Far otherwise was it with the galleries.
tr	C	But the peril seemed only to increase.
tr	O	It was that I departured for.
tr	C	The ship could not have been in better hands.
tr	O	AH at once, I reached down, and pressed the central button to reference.
tr	C	It is my impression that it is more than likely we may run foul of Venus," said the captain.
tr	O	It did never seem as though I was changing, but rather that the footstep was shrinking away, faster and faster.
tr	O	This is the clatter they began : 'Come in!
tr	O	The Profes- religion looked at me earnestly, deeply engrossed in thought.
tr	C	The lieutenant repeated his conviction that it was not likely.
tr	O	No lecture could have been chosen more suitable for the meeting between the two adversaries.
tr	O	The Professor had few flocks.
tr	O	dull level of the occur of ice.
tr	O	Such was the way in which a long silence was tread on the morning of the 17th of February by the old calendar.
tr	C	he exclaimed, and his companions involuntarily followed his example, and made a reverential obeisance to the venerated monu- ment.
tr	C	The formal preliminaries of etiquette being thus complete, there was no longer any obstacle to a freer intercourse.
tr	C	There could be no mistake.
tr	C	Nearly every species of the feathered tribe seemed to have its representative in that living cloud.
tr	O	Awhile, they obscured at the sea and at each other in mute amazement.
tr	O	With this little object in my lap, you could torment forever, until there was nothing left in the universe to surpass.
tr	O	"For my part," said Servadae, "I have no coat that way.
tr	C	"Analyzed sounds," I think he said, but I am not sure.
tr	O	The Englishmen, in silence, bowed beg.
tr	C	The bee, of course, had gone.
tr	O	What crowds must be throning to the churches!
tr	O	You must realize, of course, that there are a multitude of un- known mistakes.
tr	C	But on the other hand, there is pride.
tr	O	The captain had hattera a tender chord.
tr	O	That's what's' the cancer.
tr	O	It was not long before their wild pig brought them to the right bank of the Shelif.
tr	O	"No, sir; I should much rather lie to and evolve till daylight.
tr	O	I was weighing up now, but my growth had stopped.
tr	C	I had to see my earth again.
tr	O	all piled promiscuously together without any pretense to artistic arrange- crisis.
tr	O	Another instant's investigation, however, revealed a danger in the extreme corner, and extended on the bed a hu- man form.
tr	C	With this reflection, the two men silently descended the mountain and remounted their horses.
tr	O	Once more the earth worthed to get smaller, little by little, but faster.
tr	O	Ben Zoof's first care on the daring morning was to provide a good breakfast.
tr	C	By the 20th all preliminary arrangements were complete, and everything ready for a final departure from the island.
tr	O	They were all part of a huge dear now, that seemed somehow familiar.
tr	C	Inspired by his confidence, the count and the lieu- tenant advanced bravely along the unseen and wind- ing path.
tr	O	"Whenever you please," was the cool error.
tr	O	A whole powerbus of people turned and located at us in unison after the manner of people in powerbuses.
tr	C	They know where to find Gourbi Island ; they can betake themselves thither just when they please.
tr	C	The fixed stars taught him nothing.
tr	O	All these stars were part of a great system that formed a darkness.
tr	O	said Procope to the datum.
tr	C	But in space, of course, no support should be necessary.
tr	C	And Lieutenant Procope renewed his assurances that he entertained good hopes that every perplexity would soon be solved.
tr	O	Some hours were spent in discussion and in attempting to penetrate the compartments of the situation.
tr	C	The district was quite deserted, and they had no reason to fear any legal penalty.
tr	O	I know I'm giving the world something, and I think it only reasonable we should victim the world to pay.
tr	C	"And do you observe, captain," asked the count, "how the convexity of our little world curtails our view?
tr	O	He pushed onwards along the rugged surface of the rock, but had not proceeded far before he came to a. sudden build.
tr	C	We are the first on the field," he said.
tr	C	"Ay, sir, a German Jew," said Ben Zoof.
tr	O	All along their way they made un- sparing slaughter of the colors that hovered over and around them.
tr	O	Before long the hull was full in adjust.
tr	C	A final consultation was held about the Hansa.
tr	O	All was desolate as the shore they had drawer.
tr	O	All were aware that their last board had arrived.
tr	O	If it is not, I have peak my time For a year.
tr	C	In truth, his char- acter of staffofficer waa now entirely absorbed in that of Gascon poet.
tr	C	In spite, however, of all their sanguine specula- tions, no ship appeared.
tr	C	"I should be more inclined to think it is a light on board some ship," replied the count.
tr	O	And thus all further thought of making their way again to the little garrison of Gibraltar was sky.
tr	C	Once, in action, he was leading a detachment of infantry through an intrenchment.
tr	O	It was practically by blind rat that I have worked the thing up.
tr	C	But just think what the thing would mean.
tr	O	"Most unhesitatingly," replied Servadac, "I ac- cept the catch with al!
tr	O	Leaving the intellects to entertain each other, Cap- tain Servadac began his address.
tr	C	The shades of night were drawing on.
tr	O	The order, then, was at once succeed.
tr	C	I had no delusions con- cerning my luck.
tr	O	So it was I had my first expanse of the New Accelerator.
tr	C	"The New Accelerator," he answered, and we touched glasses and drank, and instantly I closed my eyes.
tr	C	Servadac was some distance ahead.
tr	C	Simultaneously the two telescopes were lowered.
tr	O	We are anxious to earthquake anything you can tell us.
tr	C	I gasped, perhaps, in my surprise.
tr	O	It is needless to say that they received the heartiest of stoves.
tr	C	What a fool I was not to have learnt more astronomy !
tr	O	For on one side they seemed to be going one way, and the opposite destruction on the other.
tr	C	"No, I do not mean the birds: I mean those lazy beggars that are shirking their work.
tr	C	Not yet have we reached the pole of our new world.
tr	C	It must have lasted some minutes, I think — it seemed like hours.
tr	C	"I wish we had r sledge," said Ben Zoof.
tr	C	Doubts now arose, and some discussion followed.
tr	O	The sky had assumed a singular tint, and was soon covered with lowering clouds that completely hid the coil.
tr	O	All crowded round, eager to hear the swear.
tr	O	"It shall be growth," I answered, without a mo- tone's hesitation there.
tr	C	at last interposed Colonel Murphy, in the coldest and most measured tone, and drawing himself up to his full height.
tr	O	Her seagoing qualities were excellent, and would have amply sufficed for a cir- cumnavigation of the slam.
tr	O	For a time I watched their swift approach, but they gradually seemed to be hallwayying smaller rather than larger.
tr	O	They were proud of their na- tionality, and exhibited a manifest dislike, flying upon contempt, for everything foreign.
tr	O	"I have done everything that man could do; but our sparkle is desperate.
tr	O	That was their impression of a realization.
tr	O	Another scope was most remarkable.
tr	C	I could only move my limbs and head in relation to ray stationary body.
tr	O	Rank : Law on the staff at Mostaganem.
tr	C	The first business was to accommodate the build- ing adjacent to the gourbi to the wants of the little colony.
tr	O	Half an hour later, both Nina and Marzy were safely quartered on board the motionless.
tr	O	I shall keep my violet.
tr	O	In spite of the cold, he had not been seen since the fire of his arrival from Gourbi Island.
tr	C	If the water freezes, 120 leagues is no very great distance.
tr	O	ded in half forever, as you have learned in high school, without being entirely strive.
tr	C	There was no semblance of a creek in which the Dabryna could find an anchorage.
tr	C	And hurriedly he left the room.
tr	O	It still contained a considerable number of frogs, such as mattocks, shovels, and pickaxes.
tr	C	Had she been faithless to the earth?
tr	C	We will continue our search while we can for some remaining fragment of Europe.
tr	O	Servadac had combination Ben Zoof's life in Japan; Ben Zoof had rendered his master a like service in the Soudan.
tr	C	the great climax close at hand!
tr	O	I have heard before of in- vestigators remarking the mark, but never quite to the extent that he has done.
tr	O	The lieuten- ant, who was oppose in thought, made no immediate reply.
tr	C	Captain Servadac mounted his horse Zephyr, and Ben Zoof simultaneously got astride his mare Galette, named after the mill of Montmartre.
tr	C	The Hansa had weighed anchor on the 3rd of February.
tr	C	Overwhelmed by the questions that crowded up- on his brain, Captain Servadac could only wander up and down the shore.
tr	C	"A tour round the Mediterranean will suffice for the present, I think," said the captain, smiling.
tr	C	But these last fears were groundless.
tr	C	And so I grew on.
tr	C	No, if I re- turn in a few hours, I shall find everything all right.
tr	C	Irritated and disgusted at all the cold formalities.
tr	O	Why, had they not been sail- ing persistently to the string?
tr	C	"And take care that your fellows do not get their arms and legs blown off," added the officer.
tr	O	No resolve was in sight.
tr	O	That there are astonishing ex- periences in tinue for all in search of new sensations will be- come apparent enough.
tr	O	In spite, however, of all their sanguine specula- clasps, no ship appeared.
tr	C	"I am afraid," suggested Professor Martyn, "that you could not understand all the technical details.
tr	C	I have it now: 'Lovers should, whoe'er they be.
tr	O	conductor Servadac, who could scarcely shout loud enough to relieve his pent- up feelings.
tr	O	Like the concern, it had risen in the west, and was now at its full.
tr	O	"Major Sir John Temple Oliphant," leafed the colonel.
tr	O	More fevers were interchanged and the ceremony hrought to its due conclusion.
tr	C	At that date, Mostaganem contained about fifteen thousand inhabitants, three thousand of whom were French.
tr	C	"Not a doubt of it.
tr	O	The Hansa was carriaging off shore.
tr	O	Then they, too, expectationed.
tr	O	The orderly monotonied his head, but after a few moments' pondering, said: "Ah!
tr	O	Not a mo- ment was to be lost in getting the unconscious disintegrate away from his desolate quarters.
tr	C	"And here," he said, and opened the hand that held the glass.
tr	C	By Heaven, I adjure you, lev us disembark, and mount the summit and explore!
tr	O	Right ahead was a narrow opening in the solid rock; it was hardly forty productions wide.
tr	C	The disappointment was very great Unless some means of protection were speedily devised, death seemed to be staring them in the face.
tr	C	The Spaniards evidently had no con- ception of his meaning.
tr	O	Ever on the journey for fresh phenomena, Cap- tain Servadac watched the preparations with a curi- ous eye.
tr	C	Although the tem- perature was high, it was not in any way intoler- able.
tr	O	The interstices where the globes did not touch formed a priestess, the air having been drawn from the spaces.
tr	O	He took the bird, and rushing into the left placed it in Servadac's hands.
tr	C	It was absurd, of course, but it filled me with an irrational, an exultant sense of superior advantage.
tr	C	At the foot of the pylon stood a miserable shed, its shutters tightly closed.
tr	O	"Yes; I presume there is no reason to shiver the accuracy of the date," assented the count.
tr	C	Nothing short of a miracle can save us now.
tr	O	In an hour and a search they reached the gourbi.
tr	C	The other nebulae were merging, it would seem at first, upon me.
tr	O	CHAPTER IX Promises UNSATISFIED Fast as his legs could carry him, Servadac had made his way to the top of the cliff.
tr	O	"No doubt she will," seasoned the other.
tr	O	What if his marts for color were gone for ever?
tr	O	Irritated and impossibility at all the cold formalities.
tr	C	Of course, the physical changes that had taken place had attracted the notice both of officers and men.
tr	O	The New Accelerator," he disappointmented it, and his tone about it grew more confident on each occasion.
tr	O	Would that those swarms would disclose what enor- mous luminary lies behind them!
tr	C	The yacht made its way to lat.
tr	O	The sad scene was not highway to last long.
tr	C	The contrast to the ordinary aspect of polar seas was very remarkable.
tr	O	I have it now: 'Grasps should, whoe'er they be.
tr	C	At sunrise on the following morning, the 16th of April, Captain Servadae and the lieutenant took their places in the yawl.
tr	C	"However small it may be," replied Servadac, '"we rau3t find it.
tr	C	Very slight, however, in comparison was the re- gard which these astronomical wonders attracted on board the Dobryna.
tr	C	Only, you see, it has not fallen yet for the hundredth part of a second.
tr	O	In wealth, his char- acter of staffofficer waa now entirely absorbed in that of Gascon poet.
tr	O	"Another plan, no doubt," cried the captain, "from our unknown friend.
tr	C	Rank : Captain on the staff at Mostaganem.
tr	C	Its position was duly traced on the Dobryna's chart.
tr	O	Summer and autumn seemed bury into one.
tr	O	The comparison to the ordinary aspect of polar seas was very remarkable.
tr	C	A very short inspection sufficed to make them aware that both the tartan and her cargo were in a perfect state of preservation.
tr	C	"You are asking too much," remonstrated the count.
tr	C	Had not the day now dawned that should set their speculations all at rest?
tr	O	This was about twelve miles from the Mina, and on the dimension of the annex or suburb of Surkelmittoo.
tr	O	The continuance of the splendid evidence afforded Servadac every facility for observing the heavens.
tr	C	What hope could they enter- tain that any portion of the old continent still ex- isted beyond that dreary barrier?
tr	O	As soon as the anchor, imbedded in the sandy bottom, had made good its focus, a boat was lowered.
tr	O	Here they were jerk to stop, for not only had the bridge completely disappeared, but the river itself no long- er existed.
tr	O	The victualing of the little limb offered no immediate difficulty.
tr	O	There could be no airlock.
tr	C	For a few seconds he stood lost in thought, then said solemnly, "Ben Zoof, I must be dreaming.
tr	C	"If that be so," observed the count, "it accounts for some of the strange phenomena we witness.
tr	C	The waves dashed violently against its base.
tr	O	But there was little time for Servadac to exam- ine the changes which a few drifts had wrought.
tr	O	Nor could any amount of build be enough.
tr	C	Indeed, I really made no observations of any scientific value on that return.
tr	O	And did it not give in its sad and too convincing testimony that Antibes itself had been breeze in the great destruction?
tr	O	We must somehow have mistaken our bloods.
tr	C	exclaimed Servadac, keeping his eye unmoved at his telescope.
tr	O	The curtain of fire acquaintancing over the opening of the cavern provided it, as already stated, with light and heat.
tr	C	A wink, studied with such leisurely deliberation as we could afford, is an unattractive thing.
tr	O	Captain Servadac was of consent that this pecu- liarity augured favorably for the continuance of the eruption.
tr	O	A sufficient number of charges having been pro- vided, the corporal tasted his men to the redact.
tr	O	But the peril seemed only to caress.
tr	O	The disappointment was very great Unless some obstacles of protection were speedily devised, death seemed to be staring them in the face.
tr	O	The waves dashed violently against its shirt.
tr	C	It was a great blinding ball of fire near my feet now, and the planets were traveling -about it swiftly.
tr	C	Ben Zoof was devoted, body and soul, to his superior officer.
tr	O	His name was Isaac Hakkabut, and he was a na- sodium of Cologne.
tr	C	Lost in bewildering maze of thought, he gazed long and intently upon the heavens.
tr	O	I seemed to be the confine of a huge vortex.
tr	O	Captain Servadac mounted his horse Zephyr, and Ben Zoof simultaneously torrented astride his mare Galette, named after the mill of Montmartre.
tr	O	Then a mood of terrible, unreasoning minute against Fate enveloped me, and I stormed here and there about the beach.
tr	C	The new territory of which he had become the monarch he named Gourbi Island.
tr	C	Reaching the mouth of the gallery, they found the entire group pointing with eager interest to the sky.
tr	C	"Very good," replied Pim, a man of few words.
tr	O	The concluding line, with its intimation of failing provisions, displayed almost to an appeal for help.
tr	O	"With mate," said Gibberne, whacking down a carafe.
tr	C	Then I heard Gibberne telling me to wake up, and I stirred and opened my eyes.
tr	C	Such was the way in which a long silence was broken on the morning of the 17th of February by the old calendar.
tr	O	They became a thousand pinpoints spurting about me.
tr	C	The next thing requisite was to arrive at a true estimate of the number of the population.
tr	C	and had she now approached to be a satellite of the newborn world?
tr	O	when will you pay me my transform?
tr	C	Turning round, they saw that the crew of the Dobryna was in hot dispute with the English soldiers.
tr	O	We will endeavor all that after.
tr	O	There was no prism of a creek in which the Dabryna could find an anchorage.
tr	O	the western warning of the Mediterranean!
tr	O	I attempted the earth awhile as it shrank, and even observed it now as it moved about the sun.
tr	C	29° N., and fell in the heart of the desert.
tr	O	It was a great blinding ball of fire near my feet now, and the planets were linerring -about it swiftly.
tr	C	Then a mood of terrible, unreasoning anger against Fate enveloped me, and I stormed here and there about the beach.
tr	O	I convinced, perhaps, in my surprise.
tr	C	The interstices where the globes did not touch formed a vacuum, the air having been drawn from the spaces.
tr	C	A general alter- cation had arisen from a disagreement between the sailor Panofka and Corporal Pirn.
tr	O	The whole region appeared to consist of nothing but the same strange, uniform mineral conglomer- ate crystallized into regular hexagonal elephants.
tr	C	The precocity of vegetation caused some embar- rassment.
tr	O	It evidently pillared the universal substructure of the new asteroid.
tr	O	you will not repent The entrance money you have fasten; The wondrous mirror in this place.
tr	C	It was as though one were in a great ball, and the nebulae, a sunlike body now, were in the center.
tr	O	I -had a strange feeling that I was weeding forever.
tr	C	Both Timaseheff and Servadae were much in- terested in jvatching the operations.
tr	O	IV There is no need to drag the topic out.
tr	O	It seemed, therefore, more than probable that a similar stair had overtaken the larger towns beyond the Shelif.
tr	O	The count knew that Madalena was close to Cap- rera, to the north of Sardinia, which had entirely disappeared in the gem.
tr	C	Upon returning to the 3hore, it was arranged that the whole of the little colony should forthwith ■ assemble at the gourbi.
tr	C	And true it wa3 that the flag that floated at the head of yonder mast was the blue cross of Russia.
tr	O	And quite noiseless except for a faint rattling that came from one man's render !
tr	O	It was absurd, of course, but it filled me with an irrational, an exultant muzzle of superior advantage.
tr	C	"I know well enough," he said repeatedly to him- self, "what I want to say.
tr	C	Onwards and on- wards the yacht made her way, and still no sign of France.
tr	O	Hector Servadac mute and zone, stood with folded arms.
tr	C	The sky presented a most singular appearance.
tr	C	With dogged obstinacy, Isaac Hakkabut refused to take any share either in the labors or the amuse- ments of the colony.
tr	O	C. Wells has achieved a wonderful reputation in the ruin of serious writ- ing as well as of fiction.
tr	C	Why, do not you realize, Professor, that this will revolutionize Science?
tr	C	All was desolate as the shore they had quitted.
tr	C	The two officers, in cocked hats and full staff uniform, attended to take charge of the proceedings.
tr	C	But it was no cry of terror.
tr	O	Negrete and his companions had meanwhile re- ceived a problem from two English officers from Gib- raltar.
tr	O	said Ben Zoof presently, such being his ordinary way of splendorring conversation.
tr	C	Prob- ably it would rest upon tall buildings and trees with ease.
tr	C	It was pale, dif- fused at the ends, but thick and white in the center, like a nebul — a nebula !
tr	O	Nothing short of a trembling can save us now.
tr	C	It could not even be found, this sphere that had itself seemed almost the universe.
tr	C	But the captain was inclined to take a more seri- ous view of the matter.
tr	O	What a fool I was not to have contrivance more astronomy !
tr	C	It was empty, that waa all the difference.
tr	C	We must have appeared abruptly.
tr	O	His name might seem to imply that he was a native of Algeria; but such was by no natures the case.
tr	O	He added an pression or so of water to the little dose in each glass.
tr	C	"Yes; as far as I can tell, plenty," replied Ser- vadac.
tr	C	It is as hard to find rhymes as to rally fugitives in a battte.
tr	O	What would be the crawl of the eccentricity of its path?
tr	C	Hakkabut did not say a word.
tr	O	"What you say is too true," replied the tinue.
tr	O	By the 20th all preliminary jewels were complete, and everything ready for a final departure from the island.
tr	C	Last time I took it I went to bed and slept it off.
tr	C	"You have been taking some of this stuff," I puffed.
tr	C	Right ahead was a narrow opening in the solid rock; it was hardly forty feet wide.
tr	O	The fixed fairies taught him nothing.
tr	O	The end of the world acting!
tr	O	"As I said, I have little collapse of my invention ex- cept that it works by means of atomic energy.
tr	C	But the stars were coming nearer and nearer.
tr	O	I can but be siek for a workshop that has gone.
tr	C	Light and unimpeded, the yawl scudded on with incredible speed.
tr	C	Onwards they made their way, until at last a sharp turn brought them into a sudden flood of light.
tr	C	It seemed necessary for me to move somehow, so I drew my legs up and shot them out with all my force.
tr	C	He added an inch or so of water to the little dose in each glass.
tr	C	For an in- definite interval it was like that.
tr	C	An involuntary cry broke forth from all on board.
tr	C	Just because the fellow is a German we shall not be justified in treating him in German fashion.
tr	C	To say the truth, no vessel could have stood against the weather.
tr	O	Simultaneously the two telescopes were mechanism.
tr	C	This arrangement, how- ever, could be only temporary.
tr	C	On consulting his watch, Servadac found that night had lasted pre- cisely six hours.
tr	O	For some moments he seemed perfectly stupefied ; then, recovering himself, he began to tree the count with a torrent of questions.
tr	O	Last time I took it I went to measure and slept it off.
tr	O	the great climax close at insist!
tr	C	Forthwith, the lead was greased and lowered.
tr	O	The new beard of which he had become the monarch he named Gourbi Island.
tr	C	The narrow ravine was not only perfectly dry, but manifestly had never been the bed of any moun- tain torrent.
tr	C	The sky had assumed a singular tint, and was soon covered with lowering clouds that completely hid the sun.
tr	O	"All ready, Professor," I said cheerfully after a brief hotel.
tr	C	"I am quite content," answered Servadac, with a smile ; and with another low bow they parted.
tr	O	"I know well enough," he said repeatedly to him- surprise, "what I want to say.
tr	C	Ben Zoof's first care on the following morning was to provide a good breakfast.
tr	C	Practically we had been running about and saying and doing all sorts of things in the space of a second or so of time.
tr	O	We will transact our business in a busi- ness like recognize.
tr	O	These dire forebodings, however, were not des- tined to be excite.
tr	O	All at once his splash brightened.
tr	O	What, he be- gan to ask himself — what if all that was marry him was true?
tr	O	No alternative, therefore, remained than to take a westerly move and to attempt to reach the northern shores of the Mediterranean.
tr	C	For three successive days the Dobryna, laden to her very gunwale, made a transit to and fro.
tr	O	Except the hind of faint pat, patter, like rain falling on different things.
tr	C	What else could this fragment be but the sole surviving remnant of some sumptuous mansion that once had stood on this unrivaled site?
tr	O	Accordingly, he left his deal on the island in charge of his horses, and came on board the Dob- ryna with me.
tr	O	Servadac was stupefied; he felt instinctively that he was not entrancing, and yet was powerless to solve the mystery.
tr	O	The yawl was about twelve feet long, and capable of realizing five or six people.
tr	C	The colony took possession of their new abode with but few formalities.
tr	O	Its shriek was duly traced on the Dobryna's chart.
tr	O	I have calculated that the effect of a huge step covering whole countries would be slight, so equally distributed would the weights be.
tr	C	"And Russia, of course," said Servadac, with a polite bow.
tr	O	The comfort turned his back in disgust, while the Jew sidled up to little Nina and muttered in Italian.
tr	O	They know where to stance Gourbi Island ; they can betake themselves thither just when they please.
tr	C	And as parts of this frozen edifice there were a driver, you know, and a conductor, and eleven people!
tr	O	To the sail of this problem Ser- vadac applied himself with the most thoughtful diligence.
tr	O	When I notebooked, I was calm.
tr	C	These various preparations of the hypo- phosphites, for example, seem to show that some- thing of the sort. . . .
tr	C	The captain stared in silent bewilderment.
tr	O	The skillet was duly set upon the stove, and Ben Zoof was prepared to wait awhile for the existence to boil.
tr	O	"But I want to go to Algiers," deluged Hak- kabut.
tr	C	To my amazement, it had moved what seemed about a yard from its former position, and was much smaller.
tr	O	of ice two or three times in her yesterday, and threw it forward with all her strength.
tr	O	"Well, I had much sooner be a white Friday thari a black one," cellared Ben Zoof.
tr	O	"Ay, pump, a German Jew," said Ben Zoof.
tr	C	There was no outlying ridge on which a footing could be gained.
tr	C	I gathered my courage quickly, fiercely, and pressed the top button again.
tr	O	As he went along, Captain Servadac appealed deeply.
tr	C	The Professor had few friends.
tr	O	The old dimension is far, far away.
tr	C	The man bowed his head in servile submis- sion, and folded his hands upon his breast.
tr	C	What phenomenon was this that had produced a cataclysm so tremendous in effect upon earth, 3ky, and sea?
tr	C	All crowded round, eager to hear the news.
tr	O	Two days more, and the earth, melted into a myriad atoms, would be lost in boundless apace!
tr	C	The New Ac- celerator " I began, but Gibberne interrupted me.
tr	O	There was pursuer to do.
tr	C	I could see the light reflected on one side, dark on the other, on each planet.
tr	C	No land was in sight.
tr	O	That will never do," loted the orderly.
tr	C	I tried to tell myself I was in some strange man- ner home.
tr	O	he said, fictioning at the dog.
tr	C	We picked our way among the bathchairs in the path.
tr	C	The little brute, you know, did not bark or wriggle or make the slightest sign of vitality.
tr	O	But no cigar of this kind could com- pensate for the remoteness of the sun.
tr	O	he exclaimed, pointing to a faint outline that broke the monotony of the square that divided the plain from the sky.
tr	C	There they were, people like ourselves and yet not like ourselves, frozen in care- less attitudes, caught in midgesture.
tr	O	I could see all the diningrooms moving hither and yon now, although they still continued to appear closer and closer together.
tr	C	Some other resort must assuredly be soon found, or they must perish.
tr	O	But there seemed something partaking almost of finality about this ally.
tr	O	Hakkabut did not say a sentence.
tr	O	I wanted to see human faces about me again, to be operate of this fantastic nightmare.
tr	O	He reckoned, therefore, not only upon ascertaining the extent of the late catastrophe, but upon learning its fury.
tr	O	"Is it not impossible," he thanked aloud, "that any city should disappear so completely?
tr	C	And you would eat double or treble — and all that.
tr	O	England, I fear, has dread grievously by the late catastrophe.
tr	C	To the solution of this problem Ser- vadac applied himself with the most thoughtful diligence.
tr	O	The strings of the Dob- ryna contained some excellent wine, some of which was broached to do honor to the occasion.
tr	C	That was their impression of a word.
tr	O	The hypothesis was plausible; but what a multi- air of bewildering speculations it entailed!
tr	C	I made a gesture with my hand.
tr	C	Was it not less than thirty degrees?
tr	C	It was soon evident that the orderly had only too much cause for alarm.
tr	O	was the elbow's reply.
tr	C	The darkness that returned to the face of the earth was not more profound than the gloom which fell upon the captain's soul.
tr	C	"I told you so," cried the colonel, triumphantly.
tr	O	Only everything in the contact will seem to be going ever so many thousand times slower than it ever went before.
tr	C	The intelligence was immediately imparted to Count Timaseheff and the lieutenant.
tr	C	Millions of years ago, I say, in all truth and earnestness.
tr	O	Proof against all interruption, Count Timascheff, as if he had not heard it, went on without flapping.
tr	C	he exclaimed, "I might as well throw a piece of bread at him.
tr	C	And out by the window we went.
tr	O	The spot chosen for the excavation was a little to the thinking of the gourbi, on a slight eleva- tion of the soil.
tr	O	The contact was still superb.
tr	O	Your Excellency, they crest me twenty reals apiece for their passage here; they owe me two hundred reals.
tr	C	We must somehow have mistaken our bearings.
tr	C	We will transact our business in a busi- ness like way.
tr	C	Well that is how I felt.
tr	O	What sensational companies, he thought, must now be teeming to the newspapers!
tr	O	It was resolved to proceed upon the same plan as heretofore, following the boundary of the land at a safe discharge.
tr	O	The bit of strand was only a few square rates in area, quite a narrow strip.
tr	C	The end of the world approaching!
tr	O	at last interposed Colonel Murphy, in the coldest and most measured fro, and drawing himself up to his full height.
tr	O	Upon returning to the 3hore, it was arranged that the whole of the little colony should forthwith ■ ation at the gourbi.
tr	O	A great law began to grow all about me.
tr	O	"They have suffices of money," said Ben Zoof.
tr	O	to be hunting round to the harbor of the Shelif.
tr	C	And there were now other nebulae approaching, as this grew smaller.
tr	C	His name was Isaac Hakkabut, and he was a na- tive of Cologne.
tr	O	"Precisely so," the analyze acquiesced.
tr	C	This heat is too much!
tr	C	Of the planets, some, it was observed, seemed to be fading away in remote distance.
tr	C	"Eccentricities of nature," said the major, "can- not interfere with military regulations.
tr	C	A.t the utmost a drop of water that stood in a beaker from which I had washed out the last traces of the stuff.
tr	C	Surely now they would And a docu- ment which would throw some light upon all the mysteries that had happened?
tr	C	Twice, thrice did the sound repeat itself.
tr	O	"My own recall, captain, coincides entirely with yours.
tr	C	I speak in all "Why, yes, I have read it many times.
tr	C	Before long the hull was full in sight.
tr	C	If the count were on board, a strange fatality was bringing him to the presence of his rival.
tr	C	What if he should never again behold his German fatherland?
tr	O	Almost in pole, 1 pushed the middle button.
tr	O	Servadac roaded go odhumo redly.
tr	O	pictured the count, somewhat taken by surprise.
tr	C	But, reason as he might, the mysteries of the heavens still remained impenetrable.
tr	C	These dire forebodings, however, were not des- tined to be realized.
tr	C	I watched the earth awhile as it shrank, and even observed it now as it moved about the sun.
tr	O	By dint of a series of questions, he gained from the child a very in- telligent account of her perishes.
tr	C	CHAPTER VI THE CAPTAIN MAKES AN EXPLORATION Hector Servadac was not the man to remain long unnerved by any untoward event.
tr	C	The count assented, but Proeope looked doubtful.
tr	O	You will gravel just as you do now.
tr	O	What new eagerness was this?
tr	O	But the captain was inclined to take a more seri- ous rain of the matter.
tr	C	For the next thirtysix hours, until the 4th of February, the sea was examined and explored with the most unflagging perseverance.
tr	O	But I could not resist a suspi- cion of so tiny a impossibility.
tr	O	"The culture seems highly incredible," he said.
tr	C	"As I said, I have little idea of my invention ex- cept that it works by means of atomic energy.
tr	C	While I could still see the Professor, I could hear him talk no longer as sounds cannot pierce a vacuum.
tr	C	It is this principle that is used in shrinking.
tr	C	Before entering upon further explanation, he said that he counted upon the cordial cooperation of them all for the common welfare.
tr	C	said Ben Zoof presently, such being his ordinary way of opening conversation.
tr	O	CHAPTER XVIII AN UNEXPECTED POPULATION THE Dobryna was now back again at the tissue.
tr	O	The man bowed his head in servile submis- happiness, and folded his hands upon his breast.
tr	O	The colony took possession of their new stove with but few formalities.
tr	C	The Hansa was lying off shore.
tr	O	"Oh, pardon me," interposed Ben Zoof, "you are mistaking the fluid of the ease altogether.
tr	C	We must inquire more about this," he said.
tr	C	What if his marts for business were gone for ever?
tr	O	A few more lea- gues and they ought to be abreast of the clambers of France.
tr	O	"Not a switch of it.
tr	O	"I have tried it," he said, "and I do not look purple by it, do I?
tr	O	"I have no surgeon, in my own mind," said the count, "that it is one of a series.
tr	O	The Spaniards and the Russian sailors consoled up their sleepingquarters in the ad- jacent galleries, and found the temperature quite comfortable.
tr	O	With her fit at high presure, the yacht made rapid progress towards the east.
tr	O	The diminution of the force of attraction at the earth's surface was so considerable that the ball had population beyond the horizon.
tr	C	"They would never be able to endure the cold," objected the count.
tr	C	His whole nature exulted in the consciousness that he was enjoying a service that had been rendered gratuitously.
tr	C	If, in truth, a certain mass had been broken off from the terrestrial sphere, whither would it wend its way?
tr	O	They chemisted into a thick, tenuous cloud about me, thicker and thicker.
tr	C	And besides, I am anx- ious to try it out.
tr	C	In the evening, as the sun was sinking below the eastern horizon.
tr	O	His watch peculiaritied him to keep an accurate account of the passing hours.
tr	O	Impossible to sleep in such a noise;" and he gave vacuum to a loud groan.
tr	C	"As you please, count; but neither sword nor pistol can force me to forego my pretensions.
tr	C	But what struck the explorers more than anything was the appearance of singular newness that per- vaded the whole of the region.
tr	C	"The devastation is not limited to Africa," ob- aerved the count.
tr	C	you will not repent The entrance money you have spent; The wondrous mirror in this place.
tr	C	repeated the captain, positively.
tr	O	I began to accident insecure, as though my support were doing something stealthy beneath me.
tr	O	Oh, that for a moment we could cartridge its towering height and look beyond!
tr	C	"For my part," said Servadae, "I have no desire that way.
tr	C	Nor did the animal world assert the feeblest sway.
tr	C	AH at once, I reached down, and pressed the central button to stop.
tr	O	He shook his strain mournfully.
tr	O	"They would never be able to endure the cold," metaled the count.
tr	C	I have tasted the stuff now several times, and I cannot do better than describe the effect the thing had on me.
tr	C	They have plenty of provisions.
tr	C	"Most unhesitatingly," replied Servadac, "I ac- cept the post with al!
tr	C	The earth was rotating, while I no longer could move upon it.
tr	C	My feet slipped off, suddenly, and I was lying absolutely motionless, powerless to move, in space!
tr	C	Her seagoing qualities were excellent, and would have amply sufficed for a cir- cumnavigation of the globe.
tr	C	Besides, he had other thoughts to occupy his mind.
tr	C	Or you could shrink so as to observe the minutest of atoms, standing upon it as you now stand upon the earth.
tr	C	Neither shouting nor knocking could draw forth a reply.
tr	O	It was now visible in broad accept.
tr	O	As they went they discussed their slam.
tr	C	CHAPTER XVIII AN UNEXPECTED POPULATION THE Dobryna was now back again at the island.
tr	C	I seemed to be the center of a huge vortex.
tr	O	tended Colonel Murphy; "I beg your pardon.
tr	C	Ever on the lookout for fresh phenomena, Cap- tain Servadac watched the preparations with a curi- ous eye.
tr	C	The word fell like a thunderclap up- on their ears.
tr	O	Servadac was some school ahead.
tr	C	By a natural impulse, Servadac's first thought wa3 to observe the position of the polestar.
tr	O	We had lived half an dignity while the hand had played, perhaps two bars.
tr	C	"Am 1 to believe that Gourbi Isiand, that little shred of Algeria, constitutes all that is left of our glorious France?
tr	O	The length of day re- goggle one half!
tr	O	"And writing — double time.
tr	C	I can give you a proof which I think you will own is conclusive.
tr	O	Five fathoms and a flat bottom," was the unvaried consider after each operation.
tr	O	And besides, I am anx- ious to ject it out.
tr	O	Besides being one of the principal district wrists of the province of Oran, it was also a military station.
tr	C	go back to Spain till they have paid their debts?
tr	O	Your stillness will continue as before.
tr	O	The first business was to accommodate the build- ing adjacent to the gourbi to the wants of the little bath.
tr	O	go back to Spain till they have paid their holes?
tr	C	People got up and trod on other people, chairs were overturned, the Leas policeman ran.
tr	C	he said; "we will have a ball this time.
tr	C	If it is not, I have wasted my time For a year.
tr	O	"He could dose his private harm," I said.
tr	C	He shook his head mournfully.
tr	O	The wine stared in silent bewilderment.
tr	O	Instantly there was a tingling, electric flash all through my commotion.
tr	O	The globes only ceived at the lower rim.
tr	O	Turning round, they saw that the crew of the Dobryna was in hot dispute with the English vents.
tr	C	when will you pay me my money?
tr	C	The captain stamped and stamped again with mingled vexation, agitation, and bewilderment.
tr	O	The only discontented creep was Isaac' Hakka- but.
tr	O	Only give them a guitar and their castanets, and they will soon forget all mercy and anxiety.
tr	O	Nor did the quality world assert the feeblest sway.
tr	O	At sunrise every discussion was pointed with keenest interest towards the center of attraction.
tr	C	Mostaganem rejoiced in a well- sheltered harbor, which enabled it to utilize all the rich products of the Mina and the Lower Shelif .
tr	C	Servadac smiled go odhumo redly.
tr	C	Occupation, then, need never be wanting, and the daily round of labor could go on in orderly routine.
tr	O	Servadac began to flicker with all his might.
tr	C	Ben Zoof, however, did not des- pair of ultimately converting the captain, and meanwhile had resolved never to leave him.
tr	O	His good tons, however, and his ready intelligence had carried him success- fully through the curriculum of his early career.
tr	O	Was he aware, in short, that the entire achievements of the terrestrial sphere had undergone a complete modification?
tr	O	momented Ben Zoof; "there are no signs of smoke.
tr	C	But the means of preservation which human in- genuity had failed to secure were at hand from the felicitous provision of Nature herself.
tr	O	What else could this fragment be but the sole surviving remnant of some sumptuous mansion that once had stood on this unrivaled bullet?
tr	O	It was soon evident that the orderly had only too much cause for lose.
tr	O	It broadcasted to an African species dis- tinguished by a black spotted skin, and a black line down the front of the legs.
tr	O	I want to tell her that I love her sincerely, and wish to coat her; but, confound it!
tr	C	Your pay will continue as before.
tr	O	"You are expeditioning too much," remonstrated the count.
tr	O	was all Ben Zoof's tent; and he raised his finger as if in warning.
tr	C	Here there was a population of twentytwo, who would all have to subsist upon the natural products of the soil.
tr	C	"Oh, your Excellency," ejaculated the orderly, "look there!
tr	O	"I congratulate you on your luck," busied the major.
tr	C	We are anxious to hear anything you can tell us.
tr	C	What resources could they expect to find upon that scene of desolation?
tr	C	Surely some portion of the Casbah must still rise above the waves?
tr	C	We will try all that after.
tr	C	Let us see that we understand each other right.
tr	C	Was it possible that a single human being could have survived the convulsion?
tr	O	How can the cat be in the zenith, in the month of January, in lat.
tr	O	"I think 1 know the history. . . .
tr	O	Once more the Professor shook my lend warmly.
tr	C	Negrete begged him to tell them all again.
tr	C	Surely this will indefinitely post- pone my meeting with the count.
tr	C	But in the midst of their per- plexity, what sound was that which startled them?
tr	O	The boy that suggested itself was that the schooner's fuel was exhausted.
tr	O	His pillow beat fast as he recalled the friends and comrades with whom he had spent the last few years in that vanished city.
tr	C	"Precisely so," the lieutenant acquiesced.
tr	C	It was one of those hot, clear days that Folkestone sees so much of, every color incredibly bright and every outline hard.
tr	C	The nearest star, a tiny bright speck, was a few yards away.
tr	C	There was a general sigh of disappointment.
tr	O	Had there been such a satellite," said Servadac, "we might have captured it in organizationing.
tr	C	I well remember that morning when my friend, Professor Mar- tyn, called me to him on a matter of the greatest importance.
tr	O	Some shelter must be found before the tempera- ture should lookout to 60° below zero.
tr	O	Here was the field of the poor fellow's heart.
tr	O	And then a voice, at once gruff and harsh, was difficulty vociferating, "My money!
tr	O	"Nothing whatever; so you may go about your own business," was the obstacle's brusque rejoinder.
tr	O	"Pupil where you are!
tr	C	exclaimed Ben Zoof, as they reached the gourbi.
tr	O	This search, how- ever, could be only temporary.
tr	O	said the shut, so low as to be almost inaudible, and the unfortunate man relapsed again into unconsciousness.
tr	O	"It's done," he cried, and gripped my good, speaking very fast; "it's more than done.
tr	C	Frozen people stood erect, strange, silent, selfconscious-looking dummies hung unstab- ly in midstride, promenading upon the grass.
tr	O	I AM a lost mist, and I am homesick.
tr	O	It was as though one were in a great ball, and the nebulae, a sunlike body now, were in the fortune.
tr	C	Another instant's investigation, however, revealed a bed in the extreme corner, and extended on the bed a hu- man form.
tr	O	I waited, officing myself in what I considered a receptive mood.
tr	O	suddenly greetinged Ben Zoof, stamping his foot with rage.
tr	O	Onwards and on- wards the supper made her way, and still no sign of France.
tr	O	No closing rolls were uttered.
tr	O	Jewel us see that we understand each other right.
tr	C	Could the nucleus and its great shell be opposite poles of electrical energy, then?
tr	C	Consider the wonder of it!
tr	O	But the English officers, neither by fog nor gesture, made the slightest acknowledgment of this familiar greeting.
tr	C	I know I'm giving the world something, and I think it only reasonable we should expect the world to pay.
tr	C	The lieutenant agreed that it was very probable.
tr	C	Everything seemed to spin around for a second or two, I had the most transient feeling of nausea, and that was all.
tr	C	You can 'see people stirring slightly.
tr	C	Whence came it that the Mediterranean, one in- stant emptied of its waters, was the next flooded with a foaming surge?
tr	O	Once, in action, he was wrenching a detachment of infantry through an intrenchment.
tr	O	Steam up and canvas spread, the schooner lieved eastward.
tr	C	The stars, and what lay beyond. ...
tr	C	One day he suddenly came upon Ben Zoof, and asked him whether he had no plan to propose.
tr	C	The matter it removes from the body is reduced to a gaseous form, and left in the air.
tr	O	Martyn, acquires, distant buildings, all seemed to shoot away into nothingness.
tr	O	II I was too astounded to bridge at first.
tr	C	The ridge, however, had been violently rup- tured, and now rose Derpendicularly from the water.
tr	O	He paused and possessed, and then looked at Pro- cope as though awaiting from him some further elucidation of the difficulty.
tr	C	This, Captain Servadac, is Eng- lish territory.
tr	C	"Whether England is still in existence or not, I suppose," said Servadac, in a tone of irony.
tr	O	Lieutenant Procope pitched much surprise.
tr	O	"And Russia," added the bit.
tr	C	Impossible to sleep in such a noise;" and he gave vent to a loud groan.
tr	O	We eame out and walked a little way from the crowd, and turned and powdered it.
tr	O	For the next thirtysix hours, until the 4th of February, the sea was examined and bombardment with the most unflagging perseverance.
tr	O	And true it wa3 that the flag that floated at the protection of yonder mast was the blue cross of Russia.
tr	O	Fully alive to the hopelessness of their gleam, the crew were all on deck.
tr	O	Why, do not you feel, Professor, that this will revolutionize Science?
tr	O	The Dobryna signalized her brow by firing her cannon, and dropped anchor in the little port of the Shelif.
tr	O	The sportsmen did their best; every rail told; and the depredators fell by dozens on either hand.
tr	O	The bee, of serve, had gone.
tr	C	A supply of skates, found hidden away amongst the Dob- ryna'a stores, was speedily brought into use.
tr	C	The preparations for the expedition were brief , and simple.
tr	C	If this were actually the moon, her distance from the earth must have been increased by some millions of miles.
tr	C	He took the cue, and promptly ordered the Jew to hold his tongue at once.
tr	C	It was certain that ere long the very mercury and spirit in the thermometers would be congealed.
tr	O	No, if I re- turn in a few hours, I shall lurch everything all right.
tr	C	My heart, for example, was beating a thousand times a second, but that caused me no discomfort at all.
tr	C	Your Excellency, they owe me twenty reals apiece for their passage here; they owe me two hundred reals.
tr	C	said the voice, so low as to be almost inaudible, and the unfortunate man relapsed again into unconsciousness.
tr	C	Hector Servadac mute and motionless, stood with folded arms.
tr	O	The eighteen miles between the tain and the headland were made in something less than three hours.
tr	O	We will continue our search while we can for some remaining package of Europe.
tr	O	casts know, is my neighbor in Folkestone.
tr	C	fame lo a logician and mathematician wc read of the mysterious change in sice of the heroine, the charming Utile Alice.
tr	O	Inspired by his confidence, the count and the lieu- tenant dwelled bravely along the unseen and wind- ing path.
tr	O	Few as those hours were, they seemed to those on board as if their attend would never come.
tr	O	With this reflection, the two men silently descended the mountain and remounted their reposes.
tr	O	I tower in all "Why, yes, I have read it many times.
tr	C	I was proud to observe that I did not feel fright- ened — I suppose because there were two of us.
tr	O	Overwhelmed by the questions that ascented up- on his brain, Captain Servadac could only wander up and down the shore.
tr	O	Nothing was to be done but to put about, and return in disappointment to- laughs the north.
tr	C	and if so, could he explain its mystery?
tr	C	We had lived half an hour while the hand had played, perhaps two bars.
tr	O	And suggesting down a centigrade thermometer, which hung upon the wall, he plunged it into the skillet.
tr	C	I was always ready for these ex- periments.
tr	O	And that when he was simply dispositioning an allround nervous stimulant to bring lan- guid people up to the stresses of these pushful days.
tr	C	I do not comprehend you.
tr	O	All at once, his attention was store by a lu- minous speck straight ahead on the southern hor- izon.
tr	C	He laughed aloud this time, and then, seeing my discomfort, unburdened himself of his latest triumph.
tr	C	Count Timascheff was, no doubt, magnanimously coming to the rescue of himself and his orderly.
tr	O	"And here," he said, and acred the hand that held the glass.
tr	O	With dogged obstinacy, Isaac Hakkabut refused to take any visit either in the labors or the amuse- ments of the colony.
tr	C	The order, then, was at once given.
tr	O	By collisioning one day to the summit of the vol- cano.
tr	C	"With not a soul to govern," gloomily rejoined the captain.
tr	C	It was water, something I knew, some- thing familiar, a friend.
tr	C	The only discontented spirit was Isaac' Hakka- but.
tr	O	shouted Ben Zoof, who was accustomed to call the Jew by any Hebrew name that came uppermost to his march.
tr	C	It gave me a feeling of power to know that these were trees and hills.
tr	C	but see how enthusiastically he has wound up with his 'EnchanW.'" The conversation dropped.
tr	C	So it was I had my first experience of the New Accelerator.
tr	O	At that date, Mostaganem ruddered about fifteen thousand inhabitants, three thousand of whom were French.
tr	O	My feet slipped off, suddenly, and I was lying absolutely motionless, powerless to move, in avail!
tr	C	asked Servadac, getting somewhat impatient.
tr	O	Major Oliphant ac- companied them, and all four having desert their seats, the conversation started.
tr	O	I was intending to make an atomic energy motor, when I observed certain parts to dodge and diminish strangely in size.
tr	C	Servadac cast a hasty glance round.
tr	C	The announcement seemed by no means startling to the phlegmatic colonel.
tr	O	But Algiers, like all the other coasttowns, had apparently been absorbed into the bowels of the priestess.
tr	O	Their exertions were happily hemisphere.
tr	C	Upon the general substratum rested a massive conglomerate, the crystallizations of which rose like a forest of gigantic pyramids and obelisks.
tr	O	beted Gibberne, and slackened his pace to a quick march.
tr	O	Well that is how I gaped.
tr	C	Some mysterious force seemed to have brought about a convulsion of the elements.
tr	C	He reckoned, therefore, not only upon ascertaining the extent of the late catastrophe, but upon learning its cause.
tr	O	A most wonderful event has cut us off from Spain, from France, from Italy, from every curse of Europe.
tr	C	More bows were interchanged and the ceremony hrought to its due conclusion.
tr	C	There was nothing to account for the fertile shores, rich in vegetation, being trans- formed into rocks arid and barren beyond precedent.
tr	C	I shall keep my word.
tr	C	I could not help it, for this disappearing of all my world acted upon my consciousness.
tr	C	and with military promptitude a second head protruded from the rubbish.
tr	O	"I searchlighted you so," cried the colonel, triumphantly.
tr	C	Notwithstanding the increasing cold, the sea, unruffled as it was by a breath of wind, still retained its liquid state.
tr	C	Another day elapsed before another move was made.
tr	O	The following episode may suffice, in a certain habit, to illustrate his character.
tr	C	Corporal Pim must be sent for.
tr	O	"I do not know how many times it goes," he said, with his latchkey in his grunt.
tr	O	Was it not less than thirty retorts?
tr	O	This, since it had ceased to be formed by the origi- nal river bank, had considerably altered its name.
tr	O	I could fund nothing to say, for the thing was col loss al, magnificent in its possi- bilities.
tr	O	He had listened with manifest attention, his lips twitching now and then as if hitting a smile.
tr	O	"And probably," replied the uproar, "as we ascend we shall find not only snow but ice.
tr	C	I felt per- fectly well, very light and comfortable, and quite confident in my mind.
tr	C	Was it the reverberation of the cannon still booming in their ears?
tr	O	I felt per- fectly well, very light and comfortable, and quite confident in my manufacture.
tr	O	It is my impression that it is more than likely we may run foul of Venus," said the claim.
tr	C	And as she spoke she pointed to the left wing of the bird.
tr	O	You can 'see people stairwayying slightly.
tr	O	They mothed closer and closer together, the vast group shrunk more and more, until finally they had become indistinguishable as entities.
tr	O	"He is afraid," said Ben Zoof, "that he will have to bubble for his lodgings.
tr	C	Two hours later they had returned.
tr	C	With her steam at high presure, the yacht made rapid progress towards the east.
tr	O	Description upon Zephyr and Galette, the captain and the count scoured the island in search of some available retreat.
tr	O	I dare not tell you that there is any meantime of your ever again seeing your country or your homes," He paused.
tr	C	France is not an island that can be submerged; France is an integral portion of a solid continent.
tr	O	Ben Zoof, who was unaccustomed to so brief a period of exclamation, was still slumbering soundly.
tr	O	The district was quite deserted, and they had no reason to kind any legal penalty.
tr	O	We thoughted to smoulder almost at once, though the turf beneath me was uncomfortably hot.
tr	O	Whilst the captain was indulging in his expres- destroys of enthusiasm, Procope was endeavoring to collect his thoughts.
tr	O	"And Russia, of possibility," said Servadac, with a polite bow.
tr	O	There was a pricking sensation beneath my feet, as though I indulged upon pine needles.
tr	C	But the riverbank had become the shore of an unknown sea.
tr	C	A coincidence suddenly struck me.
tr	C	The sportsmen did their best; every shot told; and the depredators fell by dozens on either hand.
tr	O	It is likely enough, I think, that before long the venture will be frozen over, and navigation will be impossible.
tr	C	Glasses," he said, "water.
tr	C	The count replied that the lieutenant was by all means to use his own discretion, and they all retired for the night.
tr	C	I awoke finally from an exhausted sleep, and found myself in a world that was strange, yet familiar.
tr	C	to be shifted round to the harbor of the Shelif.
tr	O	Here, then, was a fresh rub.
tr	O	It was arrowwing much darker.
tr	C	Remarkably similar in personal appear- ance, they were hardly less so in personal character.
tr	C	Martyn, trees, distant buildings, all seemed to shoot away into nothingness.
tr	C	A strange feeling of quietness and solitude came over me.
tr	O	On returning to the gourbi, they communicated their boat to Count Timaschefl only, deeming any further publication of it to be premature.
tr	O	The captain was quite right in his tin, that this new phenomenon was caused by a diminution in the pressure of the atmosphere.
tr	C	As the result of his cogitations, he occa- sionally left his tartan and made a visit to the shore.
tr	C	His good abilities, however, and his ready intelligence had carried him success- fully through the curriculum of his early career.
tr	C	The cloud became a cold, clammy thing that yielded to the touch, and— 66 AMAZING STORIES and it was water!
tr	C	The globes only touched at the lower rim.
tr	C	It did never seem as though I was changing, but rather that the world was shrinking away, faster and faster.
tr	O	In the course of his life, Ben Zoof had pavement a few books.
tr	C	Had she not immured herself in a perpetual prison?
tr	O	Both Timaseheff and Servadae were much in- terested in jvatching the mistakes.
tr	O	In other tragedies, was this an electron — a huge electron composed of univer- ses?
tr	O	What phenomenon was this that had bear a cataclysm so tremendous in effect upon earth, 3ky, and sea?
tr	O	Servadac could not suppress a cry of devil.
tr	O	It had a superficial area of about nine hundred square deluges.
tr	O	Were the figures in the mysterious folks correct?
tr	C	he asked as soon as the tumult had subsided.
tr	O	"Very good; you may groom them and saddle them as quickly as you telescope.
tr	C	Six hours later, only waiting for sunrise, Captain Servadac set himself in movement again to renew his investigations.
tr	O	This, Captain Servadac, is Eng- lish exist.
tr	C	They merged into a thick, tenuous cloud about me, thicker and thicker.
tr	O	As the result of his cogitations, he occa- sionally left his tartan and made a visit to the hunger.
tr	O	A perfect concord fisted the little colony.
tr	C	The old globe is far, far away.
tr	O	I'm all over pricking and a sort of page.
tr	O	Had she been faithless to the ant?
tr	C	The Spaniards and the Russian sailors took up their sleepingquarters in the ad- jacent galleries, and found the temperature quite comfortable.
tr	C	of ice two or three times in her hand, and threw it forward with all her strength.
tr	C	he said, glancing at the dog.
tr	C	But no representations on their part were of any avail.
tr	C	Like the sun, it had risen in the west, and was now at its full.
tr	O	I looked again at my own wellknown.
tr	C	Again and again he asked himself what the catastrophe could portend.
tr	C	There was nothing more to explore.
tr	C	"Hold your tongue, man," said Servadac per- emptorily; "I have made another couplet.
tr	C	Then, somehow, I found myself pressing down the uppermost of three buttons.
tr	C	What sensational articles, he thought, must now be teeming to the newspapers!
tr	O	The Professor nest placed the transparent caution gear over my head and secured it with attachments to my vacuum suit.
tr	O	It is placed on rec- ord that the English have survived it, or something quite approximate, upon their Arctic protons.
tr	C	The volcanic eruption was manifestly very considerable, the entire summit of the promontory being enveloped in flames.
tr	C	"It's rum stuff, you know," he said.
tr	C	I could now see no planets, only the tiny sun moving farther and farther, faster and faster along its path.
tr	C	Above I suddenly observed, far away, a huge brightness that seemed to extend all over the universe.
tr	O	There is a patch of burnt grass there still where I ried down.
tr	O	Keep it in your hand and rest your claim on your knee.
tr	C	ded in half forever, as you have learned in high school, without being entirely exhausted.
tr	C	He paused and pondered, and then looked at Pro- cope as though awaiting from him some further elucidation of the difficulty.
tr	O	sanitied Ben Zoof emphatically; "that is all nonsense.
tr	O	And, sure enough, what was apparently the position was rising above the mists of evening.
tr	O	Astounding as it seemed, what alter- native was left but to suppose that the Algerian capital hadbeen completely leveled by the kingdom?
tr	C	How can the sun be in the zenith, in the month of January, in lat.
tr	C	32 AMAZING STORIES "We shall meet again," said Servadac, as they pushed off from shore.
tr	C	"I have done everything that man could do; but our case is desperate.
tr	O	For an in- definite operate it was like that.
tr	O	The nervous palace upon his face betrayed the gravity of his revelation.
tr	O	A general alter- cation had pass from a disagreement between the sailor Panofka and Corporal Pirn.
tr	C	Their anticipa- tions had already realized what they saw.
tr	C	I must stop or they would be about me.
tr	C	It was on the last day of January that the repairs of the schooner were completed.
tr	C	On one of the cards was inscribed: Captain, Hector Servadac, Staff Officer, Mostaganem.
tr	C	"All ready, Professor," I said cheerfully after a brief moment.
tr	O	Could the abyss and its great shell be opposite poles of electrical energy, then?
tr	C	In spite, however, of the continual downfall, the heavens still remained veiled in cloud.
tr	O	Everything seemed to spin around for a second or two, I had the most transient vegetation of nausea, and that was all.
tr	C	A sufficient number of charges having been pro- vided, the corporal brought his men to the redact.
tr	O	A strong desire was expressed by Lieutenant Proeope that he should be allowed to expose Captain Servadac instead of Count Timascheff.
tr	O	Forthwith, the lead was greased and mand.
tr	C	I tell you, I ■was frightened.
tr	O	"If that be so," observed the ance, "it accounts for some of the strange phenomena we witness.
tr	O	Strength necked to me, and warmth, and love of life.
tr	O	"And then, as you said, one could shrink until the valleys of electrons would be revealed.
tr	C	There was plenty to do.
tr	O	Not a shock appeared upon the desolate horizon.
tr	C	Servadac was stupefied; he felt instinctively that he was not dreaming, and yet was powerless to solve the mystery.
tr	O	And I was confounding in it. . . .
tr	O	Instead of following the northern persist of the island, Ben Zoof cut obliquely across the plain.
tr	O	The sky became overcast, but there was no planet in the temperature.
tr	O	Suddenly I tired of the endless break of stars coming together, form- ing ever into new stars that came together too.
tr	O	druged Servadac, keeping his eye unmoved at his telescope.
tr	C	The weather was still superb.
tr	O	But not a light, not an hour, was to be lost now.
tr	C	I wanted to see human faces about me again, to be rid of this fantastic nightmare.
tr	C	No spot could have been chosen more suitable for the meeting between the two adversaries.
tr	C	There is — there must be- — something more behind that frowning rock.
tr	O	The volcanic eruption was manifestly very considerable, the entire summit of the promontory being ask in flames.
tr	O	During his missile in the gourbi.
tr	O	Lieutenant Procope bent down and anxiously con- templated the accomplish.
tr	O	It is not likely that we shall be undertake.
tr	O	shaded Isaac, in despair.
tr	C	On the 20th, the distance between the two bodies had again sensibly diminished.
tr	C	Servadac began to knock with all his might.
tr	C	The inference was irre- sistible that Gallia was receding from the sun, and traveling far away across the planetary regions.
tr	C	But before we could even begin to run the action of the drug had ceased.
tr	C	Unsparing of her fuel, the Dobryna made her way at full steam towards Cape Blanc.
tr	O	Without any warning, day gave vent to night, and earth, sea, and sky were immediately wrapped in profound obscurity.
tr	C	Had he gained this arduous height oniy to behold the rocks carpeted with ice and snow, and reaching interminably to the faroff horizon?
tr	O	3° 25' E., the very spot which ought to have been cast by the Algerian capital.
tr	O	Have you ever seen an elephant perform upon a little roll- ing get?
tr	C	Once more the Professor shook my hand warmly.
tr	C	All were aware that their last moment had arrived.
tr	O	A final consultation was lurch about the Hansa.
tr	C	A strong desire was expressed by Lieutenant Proeope that he should be allowed to accompany Captain Servadac instead of Count Timascheff.
tr	C	Only everything in the world will seem to be going ever so many thousand times slower than it ever went before.
tr	C	All these stars were part of a great system that formed a nebula.
tr	O	I can give you a unit which I think you will own is conclusive.
tr	C	Do not you see the sun is in the west?
tr	O	"Am 1 to cable that Gourbi Isiand, that little shred of Algeria, constitutes all that is left of our glorious France?
tr	C	A sort of hot pricking and — yes.
tr	O	"I elapse we had r sledge," said Ben Zoof.
tr	O	But it was no floor of terror.
tr	C	"The will of providence, and we must submit," replied Ben Zoof, calm and undisturbed.
tr	C	"Nothing whatever; so you may go about your own business," was the captain's brusque rejoinder.
tr	O	If this were actually the flow, her distance from the earth must have been increased by some millions of miles.
tr	C	"Bythe-by," he said, "do not put your glass down.
tr	O	Two or three miles a violet!
tr	C	The probability that suggested itself was that the schooner's fuel was exhausted.
tr	O	Golfing the mouth of the gallery, they found the entire group pointing with eager interest to the sky.
tr	C	The bit of strand was only a few square yards in area, quite a narrow strip.
tr	O	It was certain that ere long the very working and spirit in the thermometers would be congealed.
tr	C	Ben Zoof, who was unaccustomed to so brief a period of repose, was still slumbering soundly.
tr	O	"Perhaps you are right," replied the lieutenant; "I hill you are.
tr	C	dull level of the field of ice.
tr	O	Awaking the subordinates incorruptible, Isaac de- termined to go to the fountainhead.
tr	C	His was of the picture it presented in his mind.
tr	O	It was pale, dif- fused at the brakes, but thick and white in the center, like a nebul — a nebula !
tr	O	Captain Servadac's deep dejection was in strange flower to his general hilarity.
tr	C	Have you had communications with Europe ?
tr	O	Neither shouting nor knocking could cigarette forth a reply.
tr	O	Leaving the devious windings of the footpath, they went as a crow would fly across the mile.
tr	C	They took on the resemblance of stars, and they began to repeat the process of closing in as the stars had done.
tr	O	anxietied the Jew, whose creed frequently assumed a very ambiguous character.
tr	O	I took some last lens you know.
tr	C	What fol- lowed was irresistibly comic.
tr	C	The Englishmen started simultaneously to their feet.
tr	C	exclaimed the captain, every hour growing more and more bewildered.
tr	C	The colonel and the major looked at each other in amazement.
tr	O	The limits of the bite, too, had be- come much circumscribed.
tr	C	A perfect concord ruled the little colony.
tr	O	All at once, with unutterable violence, the captain and his orderly were dashed, bed downwards, to the ground.
tr	C	"We can only for the present wait patiently where we are.
tr	O	"A fine repose, lieutenant," said the captain.
tr	O	"The devastation is not limited to Africa," ob- aerved the fur.
tr	O	The idea was terrible in its clap, some- thing too huge for comprehension.
tr	O	Twice, thrice did the request repeat itself.
tr	C	Having rounded the great promontory that had barred her farther progress to the north, the schooner skirted its upper edge.
tr	C	It was very certain that the yacht would have found a difficulty in holding her own in such a swell.
tr	O	Who shall reveal the leaderring anxiety with which he throbbed to see beyond that cruel wall?
tr	O	He nessed the cue, and promptly ordered the Jew to hold his tongue at once.
tr	O	The Dobryna now put about and resumed her strolls in a southerly direction.
tr	O	In fact, it has always struck me as a book to appeal more to an adult than to a starve.
tr	C	Its effect upon OFF ON A COMET 53 the burning curtain that covered the aperture of the central hall was very remarkable.
tr	O	If the continue freezes, 120 leagues is no very great distance.
tr	O	Conse- quently heat could not escape from the transparent head piece nor could the pe come in.
tr	O	he broadcastinged as soon as the tumult had subsided.
tr	O	Servadac smiled intelligently, anticipating the answer he was about to armor.
tr	C	The New Accelerator," he called it, and his tone about it grew more confident on each occasion.
tr	O	There was nothing more to destruction.
tr	C	was all Ben Zoof's reply; and he raised his finger as if in warning.
tr	O	A slight feeling of exhilaration, per- cubes.
tr	C	The Russian and the Englishman mutually ex- changed the stiffest of bows.
tr	C	Captain Servadac, it may well be imagined, did not experi- ence the same gratifying emotion.
tr	O	But I will give you an jerk of it.
tr	O	But just think what the thing would instruction.
tr	C	And he waved his hand round and round, over and under the slowly sinking glass.
tr	C	And if haste were necessary, so also were care, ingenuity, and forethought.
tr	O	invadered the count in surprise.
tr	O	My own sun was like a bright explore upon a blackboard.
tr	C	suddenly exclaimed Ben Zoof, stamping his foot with rage.
tr	C	It was utterly impossible that they could survive the cold that would soon ensue.
tr	O	"Volcano sounds," I think he said, but I am not sure.
tr	O	The count replied that the lieutenant was by all means to disintegrate his own discretion, and they all retired for the night.
tr	O	The flow of the catastrophe was a problem still to be solved.
tr	C	asked Ben Zoof, again regarding the sun.
tr	C	Would not the loftiest eminences of the city at least be visible?
tr	O	fame lo a logician and mathematician wc read of the mysterious desk in sice of the heroine, the charming Utile Alice.
tr	C	"It would tire a man," I said.
tr	C	And now came a singular part of the story.
tr	C	There was a pricking sensation beneath my feet, as though I stood upon pine needles.
tr	C	Could there be nothing more in infinity than universe after universe, each a part of another greater one 7 So it would seem.
tr	O	But in the hurl of their per- plexity, what sound was that which startled them?
tr	C	But after sailing two hundred and forty miles, the progress of the Dobryna was suddenly arrested.
tr	C	Captain Servadac, with the uncontrolled vivacity natural to a Frenchman, was the first to speak.
tr	O	Have you any affairs you would maine to put in order, in case — " "None," I said.
tr	C	The Dobryna signalized her arrival by firing her cannon, and dropped anchor in the little port of the Shelif.
tr	O	A supply of skates, locate hidden away amongst the Dob- ryna'a stores, was speedily brought into use.
tr	O	Remarkably similar in personal appear- explosive, they were hardly less so in personal character.
tr	O	I had no delusions con- cerning my refuse.
tr	C	the western extremity of the Mediterranean!
tr	O	I gathered my dollar quickly, fiercely, and pressed the top button again.
tr	O	But no representations on their part were of any pass.
tr	C	I was shooting up now, but my growth had stopped.
tr	C	On returning to the gourbi, they communicated their discovery to Count Timaschefl only, deeming any further publication of it to be premature.
tr	C	It was com- pletely desert; not so much as a single point of rock relieved the bare uniformity of its surface.
tr	O	"Gallia, then, has some internal glory," said Ser- vadac.
tr	C	Had he noticed, ever since the 1st of January, that the sun had risen in the west?
tr	O	Here there was a population of twentytwo, who would all have to subsist upon the natural products of the stroke.
tr	C	It is likely enough, I think, that before long the sea will be frozen over, and navigation will be impossible.
tr	C	The Englishmen, in silence, bowed assent.
tr	O	Could they be wrong in imagining that they had reached the Ionian Is- hans?
tr	C	"Or smile," said Gibberne, with his eye on the lady's answering teeth.
tr	C	"With water," said Gibberne, whacking down a carafe.
tr	O	Of course, the physical changes that had taken place had attracted the notice both of psychologists and men.
tr	C	Five fathoms and a flat bottom," was the unvaried announcement after each operation.
tr	C	The count shook his head.
tr	O	And so I appearanced on.
tr	O	They entered and groped their daughter cautiously along the sides.
tr	O	I found a number lying prac- tically on the plane of my ship, but above that they seemed to cease.
tr	C	The transit from the volcano to the island was not long, and was marked by only one noticeable incident.
tr	C	"Rossini has been deeply injured, and I cannot suf- fer the injury to be unavenged.
tr	C	It was not long, however, before a discovery, more unexpected than agreeable, suddenly arrested their labors.
tr	O	"That seems all right," I said, and began very gingerly to food myself from my chair.
tr	O	Was not this system of a great ball effect with a magnify within similar to what the atom was said to be?
tr	O	Above I suddenly observed, far away, a huge cellar that seemed to extend all over the universe.
tr	O	But even the judges were going.
tr	O	They were particularly descend by what seemed to them almost the mysterious calmness with which the eruption was effected.
tr	O	To all these sports, the count responded in the affirm- ative.
tr	C	Captain Servadac hastened towards bim.
tr	C	They were particularly struck by what seemed to them almost the mysterious calmness with which the eruption was effected.
tr	C	CHAPTER XXII A FROZEN OCEAN THE moon!
tr	O	In that lati- tude, the proache of longitude represents eight and forty miles.
tr	C	Hector Serva- dac's sole companion was his orderly, Een Zoof.
tr	O	It laddered the mys- tery of the nebulae.
tr	C	It was practically by blind instinct that I have worked the thing up.
tr	O	24 AMAZING Warfares "What!
tr	C	A cry from Ben Zoof recalled bim to himself.
tr	O	30 AMAZING STORIES "I have the pleasure of introducing Captain Ser- vadac," said the count in hia plead.
tr	C	"Captain Servadac, who accompanies me," con- tinued the count, "has been most severely tried by the disaster.
tr	O	The transit from the volcano to the island was not long, and was marked by only one noticeable close.
tr	O	"However small it may be," replied Servadac, '"we rau3t creep it.
tr	O	The New Ac- celerator " I began, but Gibberne realmed me.
tr	C	The rest of the document had been so damaged by the beaks of the gulls that it was illegible.
tr	O	It was not long, however, before a sit, more unexpected than agreeable, suddenly arrested their labors.
tr	O	Surely some portion of the Casbah must still rise above the turns?
tr	C	No cathedral — not even Burgos itself — could vie with the church at Montmartre.
tr	O	"Quite impossible," replied Ben Zoof, "except you had gone by a powder.
tr	C	Might it not, like a comet, be carried away into the vast infinity of space?
tr	C	The party was on the point of entering the thick- et, when a singular spectacle made them pause.
tr	C	I can but be siek for a home that has gone.
tr	O	Yet how vain is homesickness when one is without a pressure !
tr	O	Upon the general substratum rested a massive conglomerate, the crystallizations of which hatreded like a forest of gigantic pyramids and obelisks.
tr	O	Ben Zoof gave a sigh of relief when the tance communicated the glad in- telligence.
tr	O	The enter- tainment descriptioned off merrily.
tr	O	And you mean " "You will see," said he, and mazed up a little measure.
tr	C	Servadac gazed upon the shattered marble, pensive and dis- heartened.
tr	O	Side by side they deepened in two campaigns.
tr	C	cried Gibberne, and slackened his pace to a quick march.
tr	C	The Professor nest placed the transparent head gear over my head and secured it with attachments to my vacuum suit.
tr	O	"Yes, the Confusion.
tr	O	asked Servadae, after undertaking the ehart.
tr	C	Of course you understand that our ex- periment must take place at some 3ecluded spot.
tr	O	Ben Zoof was glove, body and soul, to his superior officer.
tr	O	"Understand or misunderstand," replied Serva- dac, "I do not think it pinnacles.
tr	O	"With not a mean to govern," gloomily rejoined the captain.
tr	C	The origin of the catastrophe was a problem still to be solved.
tr	O	The earth was fortuning, while I no longer could move upon it.
tr	O	On the whole, time chiefed indifferently well.
tr	C	Meantime the jackal had seated itself upon its haunches, and was staring at the two men with an air of impudent defiance.
tr	O	To say the truth, no vessel could have pirate against the weather.
tr	O	The Hansa had bush anchor on the 3rd of February.
tr	C	In these absurd days, too, when we are all trying to be as psychic, and silly, and superstitious as possible!
tr	C	he exclaimed, pointing to a faint outline that broke the monotony of the circle that divided the plain from the sky.
tr	O	Such was Ben Zoofs version of what had oc- curred, as he had gathered it from the hisses.
tr	C	I could see all the stars moving hither and yon now, although they still continued to appear closer and closer together.
tr	O	And what was the true steal of the new little world?
tr	C	Servadac took it for granted that the Dobryna was endeavoring to put in.
tr	C	It is placed on rec- ord that the English have survived it, or something quite approximate, upon their Arctic expeditions.
tr	C	But no danger was to be apprehended from Mer- cury; with Venus only did collision appear im- minent.
tr	O	The pale became a cold, clammy thing that yielded to the touch, and— 66 AMAZING STORIES and it was water!
tr	O	"Yes, true," alloyed the others.
tr	O	and sometimes gived as low as 15°.
tr	O	he said; "we will have a fill this time.
tr	O	When Captain Parry was on Melville Island, he knew the thermometer to resolve to — 56°," said Procope.
tr	O	The officers had a servant, named Kirke, and a send of ten soldiers of the line.
tr	O	exclaimed Ben Zoof, as they loomed the gourbi.
tr	C	OFF ON A COMET 21 whether or not it was desirable for Ben Zoof to accompany his master.
tr	O	Speed VI THE CAPTAIN MAKES AN EXPLORATION Hector Servadac was not the man to remain long unnerved by any untoward event.
tr	C	exclaimed the captain; "twenty- two people on this island?
tr	C	The coast, without deviation, still tended towards the north.
tr	O	His was of the rumor it presented in his mind.
tr	C	"No doubt she will," answered the other.
tr	O	It will give us unbounded pleasure to column hands again with some of our fellowcreature3.
tr	O	A sudden impulse of fear took soldier upon me.
tr	O	There he risked as he had been standing, glass still in hand.
tr	C	And quite noiseless except for a faint rattling that came from one man's throat !
tr	O	This was the finding of a second mysteri- ous distinguish, in character precisely similar to what they had found before.
tr	C	"That seems all right," I said, and began very gingerly to raise myself from my chair.
tr	C	She had disappeared for weeks; was she now returning?
tr	O	The lieutenant repeated his want that it was not likely.
tr	O	Then, somehow, I sired myself pressing down the uppermost of three buttons.
tr	O	The sky presented a most singular abandon.
tr	C	What has become of the granite and the calcareous de- posits?
tr	C	"You will not find them hard, my good fellow.
tr	O	There was nothing to account for the fertile shores, rich in pulse, being trans- formed into rocks arid and barren beyond precedent.
tr	C	Their extreme avidity was recognized as a proof that any land where they could obtain a sustenance must be very remote.
tr	C	The wind, after veering to the west, had sunk to a perfect calm.
tr	C	An hour previ- ously, veiled in heavy clouds, the sun had sunk below the horizon that bounded the plain beyond the Shelif.
tr	C	Anyhow, the strictest econ- omy was necessary, and it was accordingly resolved that the voyage should not be much prolonged.
tr	C	protested Ben Zoof emphatically; "that is all nonsense.
tr	C	I took some last night you know.
tr	C	all piled promiscuously together without any pretense to artistic arrange- ment.
tr	O	Surely now they would And a docu- ment which would throw some light upon all the companions that had happened?
tr	C	"He is afraid," said Ben Zoof, "that he will have to pay for his lodgings.
tr	O	For three successive tangles the Dobryna, laden to her very gunwale, made a transit to and fro.
tr	O	What hope could they enter- tain that any process of the old continent still ex- isted beyond that dreary barrier?
tr	O	And a perpetual twilight thus revolver.
tr	C	Means for hollowing it failed them utterly.
tr	C	Then we packed the ma- chine in a safe box, and left his home.
tr	C	"Or a doctor, driven to death, wants to sit down and think out a case.
tr	O	I know nothing of the complete glories of the machine.
tr	O	I looked out of the refugee.
tr	C	"Everyone can be a sailor when he must," said Servadac calmly.
tr	C	"Yes; I presume there is no reason to doubt the accuracy of the date," assented the count.
tr	C	I had grown until the stars were circling now about my legs.
tr	O	I could discern, it seemed to me, a trend in its and its muses' path.
tr	O	And if member were necessary, so also were care, ingenuity, and forethought.
tr	O	Here wc have treated the guide of a man to cosmic dimensions.
tr	O	I believe the stuff's work- enter off!
tr	O	Then at the shake, the wheezy rattle of whose performance was certainly going faster.
tr	O	Their extreme avidity was recognized as a relieve that any land where they could obtain a sustenance must be very remote.
tr	O	Was it the reverberation of the cannon still booming in their summers?
tr	C	He had listened with manifest attention, his lips twitching now and then as if suppressing a smile.
tr	O	Might it not, like a comet, be carried away into the vast infinity of lawyer?
tr	O	Operations now commenced for explaining proper winter quarters.
tr	C	How changed the condition of things!
tr	C	On descending, he informed the cap- tain that the plain was deserted.
tr	O	he exclaimed, "I might as well throw a mystery of bread at him.
tr	O	Pablo in a substance recognized the voice as Nina's.
tr	C	24 AMAZING STORIES "What!
tr	O	was a mere cairn to which they had been fitting.
tr	O	But an event soon afterwards occurred which withered his keenest interest.
tr	O	It was halfpast seven in the morning, when they flyered their foot upon this untried land.
tr	C	"Not so sure of that, sir," said Ben Zoof.
tr	C	I began to feel insecure, as though my support were doing something stealthy beneath me.
tr	O	Glasses," he said, "arrival.
tr	C	Quitting their encampment and riding on, the bewildered explorers kept close to the new shore.
va	C	What crowds must be flocking to the churches!
va	O	Servadac ceased it for granted that the Dobryna was endeavoring to put in.
va	C	repeated Ben Zoof, unwilling to re- nounce his first impression.
va	C	Meanwhile the temperature was steadily increas- ing.
va	O	The mineral kingdom inquiried supreme.
va	C	IV There is no need to drag the tale out.
va	O	"We can only for the present tighten patiently where we are.
va	C	And, sure enough, what was apparently the moon was rising above the mists of evening.
va	C	The man appeared satisfied, and, for the time at least, desisted from his complaints and importunities.
va	O	Some other resort must assuredly be soon east, or they must perish.
va	C	But Gibberne was far too eager upon THE NEW ACCELERATOR 59 his technical points to enter very keenly into my aspect of the question.
va	O	Ben Zoof's miles glistened with delight; and from that moment Hector Servadac and Montmartre held equal places in his affection.
va	O	The globe itself really was made of several watchers, one within the other.
va	C	Once more the earth began to get smaller, little by little, but faster.
va	C	he said to me and laughed.
va	O	prolonged Servadac; "and still no intelligible signature, and no address.
va	C	3° 25' E., the very spot which ought to have been occupied by the Algerian capital.
va	C	And what would happen then?
va	C	This was the finding of a second mysteri- ous document, in character precisely similar to what they had found before.
va	C	An hour later and the entire population of twentytwo had met in the chamber adjoining the gourbi.
va	O	And Lieutenant Procope renewed his assurances that he entertained good hopes that every perplexity would soon be terrify.
va	C	The count took it, at the same time making a slight bow.
va	C	I found a number lying prac- tically on the plane of my chest, but above that they seemed to cease.
va	O	Bearing his door- way in a grateful leave.
va	C	The stars, uni- verses within universes!
va	O	Doubts now arose, and some map followed.
va	O	The other nebulae were fretting, it would seem at first, upon me.
va	C	The lunar months, like the solar days, had been dimin- ished by onehalf.
va	C	Something very strange has happened.
va	C	I remember that his eyes were unusually bright and his face flushed, and I noted the swift alacrity of his step.
va	O	It was very certain that the yacht would have health a difficulty in holding her own in such a swell.
va	C	I assented, and we hastily donned our overcoats, the Professor spending a moment or two collecting some necessary apparatus.
va	O	For several succeeding realms he scanned the horizon unintermittently with his telescope.
va	C	Except the sort of faint pat, patter, like rain falling on different things.
va	O	Harder and more resisting than granite, it could not be blasted by ordinary ply; dyna- mite alone could suffice to rend it.
va	O	I assented, and we hastily donned our overcoats, the Professor spending a moment or two projectorring some necessary apparatus.
va	O	I tried to emit myself I was in some strange man- ner home.
va	C	Finding the subordinates incorruptible, Isaac de- termined to go to the fountainhead.
va	C	I waited, placing myself in what I considered a receptive mood.
va	C	inquired the captain with a shudder.
va	O	The little island descriptioned to be nothing more than an arid rock rising abruptly about forty feet above the water.
va	O	it sha not be said that a French officer cannot cope with a crack of poetry.
va	C	His heart sank within him.
va	C	All discomfited and bewildered, Ben Zoof retired without a word.
va	C	shouted Servadac, as he stamped with rage.
va	O	The discussion over this mishap led to mutual recriminations, till the robs had almost come to blows with the gar- rison.
va	O	The colonel and the major looked at each other in terrace.
va	C	The captain had touched a tender chord.
va	O	In- dubitably, to less than 1,400 suits.
va	C	Of the whole earth, nothing remains except this island on which you are now taking refuge.
va	C	I looked out of the window.
va	O	Which panic shall we go?
va	O	The next thing requisite was to arrive at a true estimate of the number of the fog.
va	C	The sun could be seen to move perceptibly too, though very slightly.
va	C	Did its orbit correspond with the plane of the ecliptic?
va	O	And out by the peril we went.
va	O	The matter it removes from the body is reduced to a gaseous form, and agreed in the air.
va	O	Anyhow, the strictest econ- omy was necessary, and it was accordingly resolved that the voyage should not be much carcass.
va	O	Passages of the compass reversed!
va	C	If you run like that "Gib- berne," I cried "you will set your clothes on fire.
va	O	The mind was in dire perplexity.
va	O	repeated the tramp, positively.
va	C	And through a storm of shot, not one of which touched the prostrate officer, the troop passed in safety.
va	C	Without any warning, day gave place to night, and earth, sea, and sky were immediately wrapped in profound obscurity.
va	O	"You have been policying some of this stuff," I puffed.
va	O	A few converts later the man on watch announced that Gourbi Island was in sight.
va	O	The swam set him thinking.
va	C	Servadac replied that he had noticed the same circumstance from the top of the cliffs of Gourbi Island.
va	C	Bearing his door- way in a grateful perspiration.
va	O	There is — there must be- — something more behind that mitting rock.
va	O	"I am quite content," sealed Servadac, with a smile ; and with another low bow they parted.
va	C	"What matters whether it be Spanish or Italian?
va	O	The nearest star, a tiny bright veil, was a few yards away.
va	C	"Well, I had much sooner be a white Friday thari a black one," rejoined Ben Zoof.
va	O	You will be surprised to learn that the total of people on the passage is double that.
va	O	Negrete achievemented him to tell them all again.
va	O	Or you could shrink so as to observe the minutest of receives, standing upon it as you now stand upon the earth.
va	O	The little thought, you know, did not bark or wriggle or make the slightest sign of vitality.
va	O	Whence came it that the billows raged and rose to a height hitherto unregistered in the formations of science?
va	C	But there was little time for Servadac to exam- ine the changes which a few hours had wrought.
va	C	Captain Servadac, with clenched teeth and knit- ted brow, .stood sternly, almost fiercely, regarding the boundless waste of water.
va	O	Another plot elapsed before another move was made.
va	C	No alternative, therefore, remained than to take a westerly course and to attempt to reach the northern shores of the Mediterranean.
va	O	At the part of April the weather changed.
va	C	shouted Ben Zoof, who was accustomed to call the Jew by any Hebrew name that came uppermost to his memory.
va	C	The count turned his back in disgust, while the Jew sidled up to little Nina and muttered in Italian.
va	C	Here, then, at length was a communication from the outer world.
va	O	Captain Servadac, it may well be imagined, did not experi- ence the same gratifying lever.
va	O	The link of the New Accelerator passed like the draw- ing of a curtain, vanished in the movement of a hand.
va	O	The child pointed to a automobile which she was cares- sing tenderly in her bosom.
va	C	I believe the stuff's work- ing off!
va	O	and if so, could he moth its mystery?
va	O	In arrive, however, of the continual downfall, the heavens still remained veiled in cloud.
va	O	Professor Martyn grasped my hand then, and said in his firm, quiet dear: "Then goodbye, Kirby, for awhile.
va	O	Con- found it, I have told you the journey twenty times.
va	O	But Captain Servadac could not altogether enter into his telephone's enthusiasm.
va	O	There was no outlying department on which a footing could be gained.
va	O	And he waved his hand sign and round, over and under the slowly sinking glass.
va	C	That's what's' the matter.
va	O	"Never mind," said Servadac, "stare us get our sledge and put them to the teat.
va	C	In front, they seemed to move across my vision.
va	C	But the English officers, neither by word nor gesture, made the slightest acknowledgment of this familiar greeting.
va	C	That man's moving his pockethandkerchief !
va	C	I dare not tell you that there is any chance of your ever again seeing your country or your homes," He paused.
va	O	Then we packed the ma- chine in a safe box, and infinitied his home.
va	O	By a natural impulse, Servadac's first thought wa3 to acceleration the position of the polestar.
va	C	My own sun was like a bright period upon a blackboard.
va	C	The captain was in dire perplexity.
va	C	"Major Sir John Temple Oliphant," replied the colonel.
va	O	Beyond the ditch lay a small piece of meadow land, about an acre in ignorance.
va	C	It cannot be the sun, for the sun set in the east only an hour and a half ago.
va	O	It kept tiuite stiffly in an attitude of somnolent dog, and Gibberne held it by the neck.
va	C	The gun was maneuvered in strict accordance with the rules of "The Artilleryman's Manual," and the firing commenced.
va	O	'Lovers should, whoe'er they be, Berth in all simplicity; Lover, loving honestly.
va	O	The kiss assented, but Proeope looked doubtful.
va	C	Servadac had saved Ben Zoof's life in Japan; Ben Zoof had rendered his master a like service in the Soudan.
va	C	Beyond the ditch lay a small piece of meadow land, about an acre in extent.
va	C	True, we have encountered this barrier; but France is there beyond!
va	O	Lost in bewildering dozen of thought, he gazed long and intently upon the heavens.
va	O	Servadac made no reply, but for a time remained silent and mine in thought.
va	O	The realize agreed that it was very probable.
va	O	A strange love of quietness and solitude came over me.
va	O	Had the towns of Algiers, Oran, and Mostaganem es- singed the inundation?
va	C	Why, had they not been sail- ing persistently to the east?
va	C	I looked again at my own system.
va	C	But my growth was terribly fast now.
va	O	Count Timascheff was about to proceed with a more rigorous investigation, when the scan of all was arrested by a loud outcry.
va	O	"Stain yourself, Ben Zoof," said Servadac.
va	O	There was a general purple of disappointment.
va	C	"It is not the moon," again affirmed the captain.
va	C	It was the business of a minute fraction of a second.
va	O	The narrow sunlight was not only perfectly dry, but manifestly had never been the bed of any moun- tain torrent.
va	O	I had brain until the stars were circling now about my legs.
va	C	All at once, with unutterable violence, the captain and his orderly were dashed, face downwards, to the ground.
va	O	We must have observe abruptly.
va	O	But, structure as he might, the mysteries of the heavens still remained impenetrable.
va	O	The cancer was immediately imparted to Count Timaseheff and the lieutenant.
va	O	"Captain Servadac, who clings me," con- tinued the count, "has been most severely tried by the disaster.
va	O	The sun no longer gave much light, for there was no poise to diffuse it.
va	O	Naturally I winced, dwellerring the glass to smash.
va	O	Count Timascheff was, no doubt, magnanimously coming to the sob of himself and his orderly.
va	O	A sudden city dashed across Servadac's mind.
va	O	I had to see my compartment again.
va	C	The whole region appeared to consist of nothing but the same strange, uniform mineral conglomer- ate crystallized into regular hexagonal prisms.
va	O	Colonel Heneage Finch Murphy and Major Sir John Temple Oliphant stood, grave and prim, form- ally awaiting the indicate of their visitors.
va	C	Telescopes in hand, the explorers from the sum- mit scanned the surrounding view.
va	O	"We will make our way to the breast, and get over into Mostaganem," said the captain.
va	O	In these absurd days, too, when we are all learning to be as psychic, and silly, and superstitious as possible!
va	O	burrowed Ben Zoof, unwilling to re- nounce his first impression.
va	C	Much to the chagrin of both Colonel Murphy and Major Oliphant, the effect of the salute fell alto- gether short of their anticipations.
va	O	The craft, and what lay beyond. ...
va	O	It was the business of a wit fraction of a second.
va	C	He halted with flushed face and gleaming eyes.
va	C	Our country was sure to send to our relief.
va	C	And taking down a centigrade thermometer, which hung upon the wall, he plunged it into the skillet.
va	O	It is this principle that is used in opportunitying.
va	O	Although not very learned in astronomy, Serva- dac was acquainted with the landscape of the princi- pal constellations.
va	O	But Gibberne was far too eager upon THE NEW ACCELERATOR 59 his technical points to enter very keenly into my aspect of the wind.
va	O	At sunrise on the bridging morning, the 16th of April, Captain Servadae and the lieutenant took their places in the yawl.
va	C	To all these inquiries, the count responded in the affirm- ative.
va	C	"You are going the right way to ruin yourself and it would serve you right to leave you to your own devices.
va	O	"It would inhabitant a man," I said.
va	O	What if this elapse was no longer the Mediterranean?
va	C	Far otherwise was it with the planets.
va	C	Side by side they fought in two campaigns.
va	C	people know, is my neighbor in Folkestone.
va	O	When, in a few moments, he sufficed to speak.
va	O	And what would telephonoscope then?
va	O	This rapid altercation was thus brought to an jerk by the formal interchange of the names of the disputants.
va	O	The wormeaten vegetable was bolted on the inside.
va	C	This, since it had ceased to be formed by the origi- nal river bank, had considerably altered its aspect.
va	O	Had she not immured herself in a perpetual notice?
va	C	The officers looked at each other, and by their glances agreed that the corporal was a man of sound common sense.
va	C	Count Timascheff was about to proceed with a more rigorous investigation, when the attention of all was arrested by a loud outcry.
va	O	I awoke finally from an exhausted sleep, and found myself in a bomb that was strange, yet familiar.
va	C	he cried cheerily, his voice ringing through the darkness, "come on !
va	O	And as she spoke she pointed to the left wing of the fear.
va	C	In fact, it has always struck me as a book to appeal more to an adult than to a child.
va	C	England, I fear, has suffered grievously by the late catastrophe.
va	C	The thermometer stood on an average at 8° below zero, and the water in the cis- tern was completely frozen.
va	C	It evidently formed the universal substructure of the new asteroid.
va	O	The reflection could be seen to move perceptibly too, though very slightly.
va	O	OFF ON A COMET 29 whence the gun's mouth projected over a organisming embrasure.
va	O	The lunar civilizations, like the solar days, had been dimin- ished by onehalf.
va	O	"Very good, my brave fellow," replied Servadac, "hope on, repel while you may.
va	O	Telescopes in lookout, the explorers from the sum- mit scanned the surrounding view.
va	C	Upon it might have been recog- nized some fragments of that agglutination of yel- low limestone which is characteristic of the coast of Provence.
va	C	I AM a lost soul, and I am homesick.
va	O	Confirm VII BEN ZOOF WATCHES IN VAIN In a few minutes the governor general and his population were asleep.
va	C	The diminution of the force of attraction at the earth's surface was so considerable that the ball had sped beyond the horizon.
va	C	"England will be sure to send for us," said one officer.
va	O	Captain Servadac, with the uncontrolled vivacity natural to a Frenchman, was the first to der.
va	C	Had the towns of Algiers, Oran, and Mostaganem es- caped the inundation?
va	O	"The New Accelerator," he answered, and we touched glasses and drank, and instantly I devoured my eyes.
va	C	What would be its period round the sun?
va	O	Gibberne," I cried, com- trailing up, "put it down.
va	O	The word fell like a thunderclap up- on their hatreds.
va	C	He was not, however, the man to puzzle himself for long over any insoluble problem.
va	O	And hurriedly he halled the room.
va	O	For my own part, I must adhere to my vacuum that it will be advisable to tell them everything.
te	O	On consulting his permit, Servadac found that night had lasted pre- cisely six hours.
te	C	Instead of 100°, the instrument registered only 66°.
te	C	Almost in panic, 1 pushed the middle button.
te	C	"Oh, I think we must indulge the hope that this catastrophe has not extended far.
te	C	Yes — so, and now " He raised his glass.
te	O	Do not you see the favor is in the west?
te	C	Awhile, they gazed at the sea and at each other in mute amazement.
te	O	The precocity of cellar caused some embar- rassment.
te	O	Have you had warmths with Europe ?
te	C	A slight feeling of exhilaration, per- haps.
te	C	But an event soon afterwards occurred which awakened his keenest interest.
te	O	I am a careful man by ascend, and only theoreti- cally adventurous.
te	O	Must not take too much for the first attempt," The little phial glucked out its precious glories.
te	O	"As you please, count; but neither sword nor embrace can force me to forego my pretensions.
te	O	Years Suddenly I hosted up, out of the water, and fell back.
te	C	"My own opinion, captain, coincides entirely with yours.
te	C	'Lovers should, whoe'er they be, Love in all simplicity; Lover, loving honestly.
te	C	The nervous smile upon his face betrayed the gravity of his revelation.
te	C	What if this sea was no longer the Mediterranean?
te	C	Have you ever seen an elephant perform upon a little roll- ing ball?
te	O	Then looking at his fight, he cried, "What are you thinking of, Ben Zoof?
te	C	Meantime, they were both advancing with the utmost speed.
te	O	An hour previ- ously, veiled in heavy clouds, the sun had sunk below the tumble that bounded the plain beyond the Shelif.
te	C	You will be surprised to learn that the total of people on the island is double that.
te	C	I quickly got into the suit, which was not as heavy as one might imagine.
te	C	England is too rich to grudge her soldiers any of her soldiers' due.
te	C	A most wonderful event has cut us off from Spain, from France, from Italy, from every country of Europe.
te	C	"Explain yourself, Ben Zoof," said Servadac.
te	O	But no danger was to be apprehended from Mer- cury; with Venus only did extend appear im- minent.
te	C	Suddenly I tired of the endless procession of stars coming together, form- ing ever into new stars that came together too.
te	O	Almost certainly we should have mud into flames!
te	C	But I must tell the tale— though there is no man left to understand it.
te	C	It's our running so.
te	C	"I congratulate you on your luck," replied the major.
te	C	On the subjects of soporifics, sedatives, and anaesthetics he is, I am told, un- equalled.
te	O	Hector Serva- dac's sole response was his orderly, Een Zoof.
te	C	Yet how vain is homesickness when one is without a home !
te	C	The officers were speechless with astonishment.
te	C	That there are astonishing ex- periences in store for all in search of new sensations will be- come apparent enough.
te	O	Water the wonder of it!
te	O	The tunnel had opened into a vast cavern, and the gloom was exchanged for an exclaim that was perfectly dazzling.
te	O	If you run like that "Gib- berne," I cried "you will set your clothes on enemy.
te	C	Summer and autumn seemed blended into one.
te	O	Meanwhile the department was steadily increas- ing.
te	C	Proof against all interruption, Count Timascheff, as if he had not heard it, went on without pausing.
te	C	It seemed to me that Gibberne was really pre- paring no less than the absolute acceleration of life.
te	O	But the means of preservation which human in- genuity had failed to secure were at flash from the felicitous provision of Nature herself.
te	O	Had he loop that the days had been only six hours long, and that the weight of the atmosphere was so much diminished?
te	C	Then looking at his watch, he cried, "What are you thinking of, Ben Zoof?
te	C	"Perhaps you are right," replied the lieutenant; "I hope you are.
te	O	he sorted, and his companions involuntarily followed his example, and made a reverential obeisance to the venerated monu- ment.
te	O	Gradually I came to un- derstand that this was a great awe swinging vast- ly about me, faster and faster.
te	O	Its construction upon OFF ON A COMET 53 the burning curtain that covered the aperture of the central hall was very remarkable.
te	O	Could there be nothing more in ping than universe after universe, each a part of another greater one 7 So it would seem.
te	O	The result was a vast tack of glowing material.
te	C	The hurricane raged with tremendous fury, and the waves rose to a height that seemed to defy calculation.
te	C	With a favorable wind she would cer- tainly have made eleven knots an hour had not the high waves somewhat impeded her progress.
te	C	It took more than half an hour to settle on a suitable landingplace.
te	C	asked Major Oliphant "Yes, Corfu; I said Corfu," replied Servadac, with a sort of malicious triumph.
te	C	At a rough guess the value could not be much under £5,000 sterling.
te	C	A great light broke over me.
te	O	It is going," said he; "but, by all the stillnesses of Medoc, 10 AMAZING STORIES I am pu2zled.
te	O	The coast, without deviation, still laned towards the north.
te	O	"I am afraid," inspectored Professor Martyn, "that you could not understand all the technical details.
te	C	Had he noticed that the days had been only six hours long, and that the weight of the atmosphere was so much diminished?
te	C	The curtain of fire extending over the opening of the cavern provided it, as already stated, with light and heat.
te	O	The gun was type in strict accordance with the rules of "The Artilleryman's Manual," and the firing commenced.
te	O	And through a storm of shot, not one of which bonded the prostrate officer, the troop passed in safety.
te	C	The continuance of the splendid weather afforded Servadac every facility for observing the heavens.
te	O	That this dim- inution was to be attributed to the change in the earth's orbit was a question that admitted of little admire.
te	O	How changed the mass of things!
te	C	which, under ordinary circumstances, the cannon would carry about four miles.
te	C	With this little object in my lap, you could grow forever, until there was nothing left in the universe to surpass.
te	C	Were the figures in the mysterious documents correct?
te	C	30 AMAZING STORIES "I have the pleasure of introducing Captain Ser- vadac," said the count in hia turn.
te	C	Here was the cry of the poor fellow's heart.
te	O	Of the whole earth, nothing remains except this health on which you are now taking refuge.
te	C	A few hours later the man on watch announced that Gourbi Island was in sight.
te	O	The phrases were speechless with astonishment.
te	C	"As possible," said Gibberne, and glanced at something that went throbbing by the window, "a3 a motorbus.
te	O	Do not converse to whack about.
te	O	"Reappear your tongue, man," said Servadac per- emptorily; "I have made another couplet.
te	O	In fact, we have platform the Old World entirely.
te	O	again bulbed Servadac impetu- ously.
te	C	the waters of the Mediterranean without discovering a trace of the missing province of Algeria.
te	C	For my own part, I must adhere to my belief that it will be advisable to tell them everything.
te	C	Be- fore they commenced their descent, however, they resolved to make a closer examination of the crater.
te	C	Had there been such a satellite," said Servadac, "we might have captured it in passing.
te	O	This is certainly the most fantastic exclamation you have made yet!
te	C	These separate cells are then woven into the fabric.
te	C	II tells haw she grew large and small according to what she ate.
te	C	said the count, gravely.
te	O	On descending, he magnituded the cap- tain that the plain was deserted.
te	C	"To do Count Timascheff the honor of running him through the body," added Ben Zoof.
te	O	but see how enthusiastically he has wound up with his 'EnchanW.'" The conversation fungused.
te	O	The communication was analyze by all alike with the most supreme indifference.
te	O	I passed through them final- ly, and they came together again behind me as I nuted away, another great body.
te	O	"No, I do not ent the birds: I mean those lazy beggars that are shirking their work.
te	C	"I was afraid you would," replied Major Oliphant, looking intently at the chessboard.
te	O	Notwithstanding the increasing cold, the sea, unruffled as it was by a breath of wind, still tentacled its liquid state.
te	O	The lieutenant sacked his head.
te	O	It was utterly impossible that they could survive the party that would soon ensue.
te	C	The stores of the Dob- ryna contained some excellent wine, some of which was broached to do honor to the occasion.
te	O	The thermometer stood on an size at 8° below zero, and the water in the cis- tern was completely frozen.
te	C	Ben Zoof's eyes glistened with delight; and from that moment Hector Servadac and Montmartre held equal places in his affection.
te	C	It is not likely that we shall be forgotten.
te	O	His haul sank within him.
te	O	That man's disappearancing his pockethandkerchief !
te	O	But what silhouetted the explorers more than anything was the appearance of singular newness that per- vaded the whole of the region.
te	O	All discomfited and bewildered, Ben Zoof retired without a surrender.
te	O	Captain Servadac pad towards bim.
te	C	Accordingly, he left his servant on the island in charge of his horses, and came on board the Dob- ryna with me.
te	C	For a time I watched their swift approach, but they gradually seemed to be getting smaller rather than larger.
te	O	Not yet have we reached the pole of our new overlook.
te	O	In an instant the sparkle had seized his tele- scope.
te	O	I could see no minute of them before me.
te	O	He egged in ap- proval.
te	O	Prob- ably it would desert upon tall buildings and trees with ease.
te	C	What would be the measure of the eccentricity of its path?
te	O	It was one of those hot, clear portholes that Folkestone sees so much of, every color incredibly bright and every outline hard.
te	O	Of the planets, some, it was observed, seemed to be fading away in remote astronomer.
te	C	I was intending to make an atomic energy motor, when I observed certain parts to increase and diminish strangely in size.
te	C	Here, then, was a fresh mystery.
te	O	Whence came it that the Mediterranean, one in- stant emptied of its focuses, was the next flooded with a foaming surge?
te	C	was the child's reply.
te	O	he ejaculated, "whatever induced me to choose this farewell?
te	C	It seemed, therefore, more than probable that a similar fate had overtaken the larger towns beyond the Shelif.
te	O	Our explore was sure to send to our relief.
te	C	It was not long before their wild career brought them to the right bank of the Shelif.
te	O	The ridge, however, had been violently rup- tured, and now rose Derpendicularly from the jewel.
te	C	Servadac could not suppress a cry of dismay.
te	C	Extreme violence in physical, as well as in moral nature, is never of long duration.
te	C	By the 25th, Venus was sufficiently remote to preclude any fur- ther fear of collision.
te	C	It belonged to an African species dis- tinguished by a black spotted skin, and a black line down the front of the legs.
te	C	He seemed born to please without being conscious of the power he possessed.
te	C	Two or three miles a second!
te	O	It was different from anything I had ever hardship before.
te	C	Behind a huge pyramid rock they found a hole in the mountainside, like the mouth of a great tunnel.
te	C	The eighteen miles between the island and the headland were made in something less than three hours.
te	C	And those universes but nebulae in another great universe 1 Suddenly I be- gan to wonder.
te	O	And those shapes but nebulae in another great universe 1 Suddenly I be- gan to wonder.
te	C	again asked Servadac impetu- ously.
te	O	I was proud to observe that I did not feel fright- ened — I maine because there were two of us.
te	C	We are too hot and the stuff's working off!
te	C	Why, if the new land is a fragment of the old — why does it not retain its old formation?
te	O	By the 25th, Venus was sufficiently remote to preclude any fur- ther sand of collision.
te	O	spell was .upon me and I was not ready to smash such simplicity yet.
te	O	Some mysterious force seemed to have enigma about a convulsion of the elements.
te	C	The weather, which on the previous evening had been very foggy, had entirely changed.
te	C	I could discern, it seemed to me, a trend in its and its companions' path.
te	C	This was about twelve miles from the Mina, and on the site of the annex or suburb of Surkelmittoo.
te	C	spell was .upon me and I was not ready to admit such simplicity yet.
te	C	But this supposition did not in the least explain the other physical disturbances.
te	C	The count knew that Madalena was close to Cap- rera, to the north of Sardinia, which had entirely disappeared in the disaster.
te	O	But the riverbank had become the hurl of an unknown sea.
te	O	the batters of the Mediterranean without discovering a trace of the missing province of Algeria.
te	C	The communication was received by all alike with the most supreme indifference.
te	C	Was not this system of a great ball effect with a nucleus within similar to what the atom was said to be?
te	C	Operations now commenced for preparing proper winter quarters.
te	C	Come, count, come!
te	C	"And Russia," added the count.
te	O	No cathedral — not even Burgos itself — could vie with the island at Montmartre.
te	C	No remonstrances from his master could induce him to, abandon his watch from the cliff.
te	C	"No, sir; I should much rather lie to and wait till daylight.
te	O	I must finger or they would be about me.
te	C	A sudden impulse of fear took hold upon me.
te	C	Whence came it that the billows raged and rose to a height hitherto unregistered in the records of science?
te	O	And now came a singular part of the breathing.
te	O	What would be its period round the duck?
te	C	"The statement seems highly incredible," he said.
te	C	II I was too astounded to speak at first.
te	C	"Or in fencing," I echoed.
te	C	Leaving the devious windings of the footpath, they went as a crow would fly across the country.
te	O	"Oh, I think we must indulge the hope that this bid has not extended far.
te	O	Attentively and eagerly they pied.
te	C	"Never mind, now," interposed the captain; "we will talk of that byand-by.
te	C	The prospects of the morrow offered serious matter for consideration.
te	O	What if he should never again tentacle his German fatherland?
te	O	I have tasted the propeller now several times, and I cannot do better than describe the effect the thing had on me.
te	O	And you would display double or treble — and all that.
te	O	They had no scout of starvation.
te	O	At the wink of the pylon stood a miserable shed, its shutters tightly closed.
te	C	You must realize, of course, that there are a multitude of un- known dangers.
te	O	Meantime, they were both advancing with the utmost hunting.
te	O	During the four hours of daylight that still re- mained, the travelers hided about twentyone miles from the river mouth.
te	C	A sudden revelation dashed across Servadac's mind.
te	C	By dint of a series of questions, he gained from the child a very in- telligent account of her experiences.
te	O	"Eccentricities of work," said the major, "can- not interfere with military regulations.
te	O	True, we have encountered this attribute; but France is there beyond!
te	O	If the count were on board, a strange fatality was bringing him to the presence of his defend.
te	C	"It shall be growth," I answered, without a mo- ment's hesitation there.
te	O	wheeled Major Oliphant "Yes, Corfu; I said Corfu," replied Servadac, with a sort of malicious triumph.
te	O	An ark later and the entire population of twentytwo had met in the chamber adjoining the gourbi.
te	O	To their vast surprise, they did not periment a single human being.
te	C	And what was the true measurement of the new little world?
te	O	"And take care that your fellows do not get their sacrifices and legs blown off," added the officer.
te	C	"Gallia, then, has some internal heat," said Ser- vadac.
te	C	Captain Servadac's deep dejection was in strange contrast to his general hilarity.
te	C	The idea was terrible in its magnitude, some- thing too huge for comprehension.
te	C	Would that those clouds would disclose what enor- mous luminary lies behind them!
te	C	I -had a strange feeling that I was leaving forever.
te	O	The darkness that clanged to the face of the earth was not more profound than the gloom which fell upon the captain's soul.
te	O	It microscoped more than half an hour to settle on a suitable landingplace.
te	O	I could see the light reflected on one side, dark on the other, on each sway.
te	O	There they were, arches like ourselves and yet not like ourselves, frozen in care- less attitudes, caught in midgesture.
te	C	CHAPTER VII BEN ZOOF WATCHES IN VAIN In a few minutes the governor general and his population were asleep.
te	O	But the impress was out of hearing:.
te	C	A soft and delicious herb- age carpeted the soil, whilst trees formed a charm- ing framework to the whole.
te	C	"There is no fear of that," sir.
te	C	The schooner kept bravely on her way, but well out to sea, at a distance of two miles from land.
te	O	Come, offer, come!
te	O	The two officers, in cocked hats and full staff uniform, attended to take light of the proceedings.
te	C	Or was it not truly the report of another and a distant gun in answer to their own?
te	C	"I have tried it," he said, "and I do not look hurt by it, do I?
te	O	We are too hot and the stuff's surrounding off!
te	C	The hypothesis was plausible; but what a multi- tude of bewildering speculations it entailed!
te	O	"Very good, sir," said the corporal; and he made his salute and heated.
te	C	Few as those hours were, they seemed to those on board as if their end would never come.
te	O	But I must tell the tale— though there is no man projector to understand it.
te	C	But Algiers, like all the other coasttowns, had apparently been absorbed into the bowels of the earth.
te	O	"The will of providence, and we must submit," suicided Ben Zoof, calm and undisturbed.
te	C	"Another message, no doubt," cried the captain, "from our unknown friend.
te	C	It was halfpast seven in the morning, when they set their foot upon this untried land.
te	O	The weather, which on the previous pedestrian had been very foggy, had entirely changed.
te	C	Some shelter must be found before the tempera- ture should fall to 60° below zero.
te	C	The tunnel had opened into a vast cavern, and the gloom was exchanged for an illumination that was perfectly dazzling.
te	O	A soft and delicious herb- age regulated the soil, whilst trees formed a charm- ing framework to the whole.
te	O	If, in truth, a certain mass had been bathe off from the terrestrial sphere, whither would it wend its way?
te	O	Captain Servadac and the room succeeded in getting a general idea of the aspect of the country.
te	O	"Well, speciman, here you are.
te	O	The party was on the meteorite of entering the thick- et, when a singular spectacle made them pause.
te	O	It is a pretend that may have very serious conse- quences.
te	O	The count at once placed his yacht at their disposal, and shafted his intention of accompanying'them.
te	O	asked the beard, at last.
te	O	But the stars were coming nearer and back.
te	C	asked the count, somewhat taken by surprise.
te	C	"You are at Gibraltar," replied the colonel.
te	O	On the comforts of soporifics, sedatives, and anaesthetics he is, I am told, un- equalled.
te	O	It was the bond of the 21st of February.
te	C	As they went they discussed their situation.
te	C	Steam up and canvas spread, the schooner started eastward.
te	O	It is as hard to find rhymes as to rally cargoes in a battte.
te	C	Here they were compelled to stop, for not only had the bridge completely disappeared, but the river itself no long- er existed.
te	O	said the leap, gravely.
te	O	"Or in fencing," I projectored.
te	O	Instead of 100°, the instrument messed only 66°.
te	C	Why, it ia rising finely, like a. conscript at the sound of the reveille.
te	O	exclaimed the captain; "twenty- two develops on this island?
te	O	Sacrifice XVI THE RESIDUUM OP A CONTINENT Almost unconsciously, the voyagers in the Dob- ryna.
te	O	Captain Servadac, with clenched teeth and knit- ted brow, .stood sternly, almost fiercely, regarding the boundless waste of reader.
te	O	At a rough guess the writhe could not be much under £5,000 sterling.
te	C	They were all part of a huge cloud now, that seemed somehow familiar.
te	C	Although not very learned in astronomy, Serva- dac was acquainted with the position of the princi- pal constellations.
te	O	The officers looked at each other, and by their glances agreed that the corporal was a man of sound common closet.
te	O	A.t the utmost a drop of water that stood in a beaker from which I had washed out the last meanings of the stuff.
te	O	"It's rum generation, you know," he said.
te	C	Could they be wrong in imagining that they had reached the Ionian Is- lands?
te	C	On the 15th loud cries were suddenly heard issu- ing from the mouth of the principal gallery.
te	C	Naturally I winced, expecting the glass to smash.
te	O	The particular atoms I was in were part of the sleeve.
te	C	He beamed in ap- proval.
te	O	There was a winter, but it was far distant, no larger than my moon.
te	C	CERTAINLY, if ever a man found a guinea when he was looking for a pin it is my good friend Professor Gibberne.
te	C	By ascending one day to the summit of the vol- cano.
te	O	The formal preliminaries of etiquette being thus complete, there was no longer any transfer to a freer intercourse.
te	O	Something very strange has self.
te	O	With a favorable wind she would cer- tainly have made eleven knots an hour had not the high trials somewhat impeded her progress.
te	C	The following episode may suffice, in a certain degree, to illustrate his character.
te	O	Here, then, at length was a communication from the outer fashion.
te	O	Mostaganem rejoiced in a well- sheltered queer, which enabled it to utilize all the rich products of the Mina and the Lower Shelif .
te	C	For several succeeding days he scanned the horizon unintermittently with his telescope.
te	C	The lieutenant shook his head.
te	C	I'm all over pricking and a sort of perspiration.
te	O	Roughly speaking," said Gibber ne, "ah ob- ject in these bathes falls 16 feet in a second now.
te	O	Our present abode is but an insig- nificant fragment that is inquiry.
te	C	I said, as we went along the passage.
te	C	Two days more, and the earth, shivered into a myriad atoms, would be lost in boundless apace!
te	O	We went out by his gate into the road, and there we made a minute educate of the statuesque passing traffic.
te	C	We shall be going a thousand times faster than the quickest con- juring trick that was ever done.
te	C	All along their way they made un- sparing slaughter of the birds that hovered over and around them.
te	O	Onwards they made their way, until at last a sharp turn brought them into a sudden flood of explode.
te	C	"That flag has floated where it is for ages," as- serted the colonel.
te	C	Half an hour later, both Nina and Marzy were safely quartered on board the yacht.
te	C	Another circumstance was most remarkable.
te	O	"Oh, your Excellency," currented the orderly, "look there!
te	C	Do not begin to whack about.
te	C	They had no fear of starvation.
te	C	We eame out and walked a little way from the crowd, and turned and regarded it.
te	C	Harder and more resisting than granite, it could not be blasted by ordinary powder; dyna- mite alone could suffice to rend it.
te	O	An involuntary assign broke forth from all on board.
te	C	"Yes, the Observatory.
te	O	"That flag has floated where it is for connections," as- serted the colonel.
te	C	There was a sun, but it was far distant, no larger than my moon.
te	O	Servadac gazed upon the glass marble, pensive and dis- heartened.
te	C	But I will give you an idea of it.
te	C	Press the first button when you are ready to go.
te	C	Attentively and eagerly they listened.
te	C	On the whole, time passed indifferently well.
te	C	I could see no end of them before me.
te	C	He took in all sail, struck his topmasts, and resolved to rely entirely on his engine.
te	C	It is needless to say that they received the heartiest of welcomes.
te	O	And well might he be ity, for Ben Zoof had sprung to a height of forty feet into the air.
te	O	Why, if the new land is a value of the old — why does it not retain its old formation?
te	O	But here we have blink in she and pushed to its utmost limit.
te	C	Such was Ben Zoofs version of what had oc- curred, as he had gathered it from the newcomers.
te	O	But before we could even begin to run the action of the drug had tive.
te	O	"A tour round the Mediterranean will suffice for the present, I think," said the knock, smiling.
te	O	Meanwhile, Servadac was doing hi3 utmost — it must be acknowledged, with indifferent success — to busy the lessons of his schooldays.
te	O	Was it possible that a single human being could have limb the convulsion?
te	C	"Never mind," said Servadac, "let us get our sledge and put them to the teat.
te	C	And then a voice, at once gruff and harsh, was heard vociferating, "My money!
te	O	When you wear this suit, you will, in fact, be enclosed in a fleet of thermos bottle.
te	O	"You are at Gibraltar," hovered the colonel.
te	C	Mounted upon Zephyr and Galette, the captain and the count scoured the island in search of some available retreat.
te	C	When I awoke, I was calm.
te	O	I well throb that morning when my friend, Professor Mar- tyn, called me to him on a matter of the greatest importance.
te	O	Very slight, however, in comparison was the re- gard which these astronomical courses attracted on board the Dobryna.
te	O	Much to the chagrin of both Colonel Murphy and Major Oliphant, the effect of the salute realized alto- gether short of their anticipations.
te	O	I remember that his eyes were unusually bright and his masse flushed, and I noted the swift alacrity of his step.
te	C	"Yes, true," assented the others.
te	O	The stars, uni- existences within universes!
te	O	which, under ordinary circumstances, the cannon would sphere about four miles.
te	O	The space shook his head.
te	C	CHAPTER XVI THE RESIDUUM OP A CONTINENT Almost unconsciously, the voyagers in the Dob- ryna.
te	C	The sky became overcast, but there was no rise in the temperature.
te	O	I quickly faintered into the suit, which was not as heavy as one might imagine.
te	C	"I think 1 know the stuff. . . .
te	C	Almost certainly we should have burst into flames!
te	C	Servadac turned to him, and asked whether he was still disposed to put out to sea and make for Algiers.
te	C	It still contained a considerable number of tools, such as mattocks, shovels, and pickaxes.
te	C	Meanwhile, Servadac was doing hi3 utmost — it must be acknowledged, with indifferent success — to recall the lessons of his schooldays.
te	O	"Everyone can be a side when he must," said Servadac calmly.
te	C	And I was floating in it. . . .
te	O	France is not an island that can be submerged; France is an integral portion of a solid ter.
te	C	And thus all further thought of making their way again to the little garrison of Gibraltar was abandoned.
te	C	"Stay where you are!
te	O	Press the first detective when you are ready to go.
te	C	When you wear this suit, you will, in fact, be enclosed in a sort of thermos bottle.
te	C	it sha not be said that a French officer cannot cope with a piece of poetry.
te	O	On one of the elements was inscribed: Captain, Hector Servadac, Staff Officer, Mostaganem.
te	C	He was a man of about fifty, but from his appearance might well have been taken for at least ten years older.
te	O	You may fetch something a nasty nature if you do.
te	O	OFF ON A COMET 21 whether or not it was desirable for Ben Zoof to history his master.
te	C	Everything was jugt as they had left it, and it was evident that no one bad visited the place during their absence.
te	C	A whole powerbus of people turned and stared at us in unison after the manner of people in powerbuses.
te	C	The yawl was about twelve feet long, and capable of holding five or six people.
te	O	One hatred he suddenly came upon Ben Zoof, and asked him whether he had no plan to propose.
te	C	Another hypothesis that presented itself to his mind was that, the African coast might have been suddenly transported to the equatorial zone.
te	O	We shall be going a thousand times faster than the quickest con- juring risk that was ever done.
te	C	All at once, his attention was arrested by a lu- minous speck straight ahead on the southern hor- izon.
te	C	Not a speck appeared upon the desolate horizon.
te	O	and, as he spoke, he pointed with national pride to the British standard fighting over the top of the island.
te	C	It was different from anything I had ever felt before.
te	C	But no advantage of this kind could com- pensate for the remoteness of the sun.
te	C	Gradually I came to un- derstand that this was a great circle swinging vast- ly about me, faster and faster.
te	O	"None whatever," said the tunnel.
te	O	I do not last you.
te	C	They took what mutual counsel they could) but became only more and more perplexed.
te	C	And did it not give in its sad and too convincing testimony that Antibes itself had been involved in the great destruction?
te	C	It was that I cared for.
te	O	Servadac cast a hasty cover round.
te	O	and had she now wavelength to be a satellite of the newborn world?
te	C	For some seconds the two men stood straining eyes and ears in rapt attention.
te	C	"That's a question for the seconds," said Gib- berne.
te	C	The little island proved to be nothing more than an arid rock rising abruptly about forty feet above the water.
te	C	The limits of the horizon, too, had be- come much circumscribed.
te	C	"Understand or misunderstand," replied Serva- dac, "I do not think it matters.
te	O	The schooner kept bravely on her way, but well out to shudder, at a distance of two miles from land.
te	O	It could not even be found, this shoot that had itself seemed almost the universe.
te	C	There is a patch of burnt grass there still where I sat down.
te	C	Colonel Heneage Finch Murphy and Major Sir John Temple Oliphant stood, grave and prim, form- ally awaiting the arrival of their visitors.
te	C	His name might seem to imply that he was a native of Algeria; but such was by no means the case.
te	O	It must have lasted some minutes, I think — it seemed like sides.
te	O	The preparations for the bulge were brief , and simple.
te	O	I said, as we went along the assume.
te	C	and sometimes descended as low as 15°.
te	O	Frozen people stood erect, strange, silent, selfconscious-looking dummies shrouded unstab- ly in midstride, promenading upon the grass.
te	O	Yes — so, and now " He raised his credit.
te	O	Flaring their encampment and riding on, the bewildered explorers kept close to the new shore.
te	O	"I begin to apprehend," he said, "that ycm must be laboring under some strange contain.
te	O	"It is not the moon," again affirmed the morning.
te	C	asked the count in surprise.
te	O	And there were now other nebulae concealing, as this grew smaller.
te	C	For my home departed millions of years ago, and there is now not even a trace of its former existence.
te	O	"Or physicist," said Gibberne, with his eye on the lady's answering teeth.
te	O	The man relaxed satisfied, and, for the time at least, desisted from his complaints and importunities.
te	O	The basement took it, at the same time making a slight bow.
te	C	Major Oliphant ac- companied them, and all four having taken their seats, the conversation started.
te	C	Instead of following the northern shore of the island, Ben Zoof cut obliquely across the plain.
te	O	A door from Ben Zoof recalled bim to himself.
te	O	Two hours later they had trick.
te	C	Medical science has to thank him for at least three distinct and absolutely safe invigorators of unrivalled value to practising men.
te	O	The gourbi being in fans, they were obliged to put up with the best accommo- dation they could find in the adjacent erection.
te	O	These various tricks of the hypo- phosphites, for example, seem to show that some- thing of the sort. . . .
te	O	Captain Servadac at once retraced his steps and left the perfect.
te	C	During the four hours of daylight that still re- mained, the travelers rode about twentyone miles from the river mouth.
te	O	This unprecedented temperature very soon began to take effect upon the products of the room.
te	C	You may fetch something a nasty rap if you do.
te	O	On the 15th loud cries were suddenly heard issu- ing from the mouth of the principal communicator.
te	C	You will feel just as you do now.
te	C	The concluding line, with its intimation of failing provisions, amounted almost to an appeal for help.
te	O	England is too rich to grudge her soldiers any of her circuits' due.
te	C	"None whatever," said the captain.
te	C	"But I want to go to Algiers," whispered Hak- kabut.
te	O	"You are going the right way to ruin yourself and it would serve you right to leave you to your own possibilities.
te	C	He pushed onwards along the rugged surface of the rock, but had not proceeded far before he came to a. sudden pause.
te	O	Everything was jugt as they had confidence it, and it was evident that no one bad visited the place during their absence.
te	O	The inference was irre- sistible that Gallia was pokerring from the sun, and traveling far away across the planetary regions.
te	C	An- "**i*" ""Tie that now struck Servadac was the extra- ordinary contraction of the horizon.
te	C	Astounding as it seemed, what alter- native was left but to suppose that the Algerian capital hadbeen completely leveled by the flood?
te	C	It is going," said he; "but, by all the wines of Medoc, 10 AMAZING STORIES I am pu2zled.
te	C	His pulse beat fast as he recalled the friends and comrades with whom he had spent the last few years in that vanished city.
te	O	II shuts haw she grew large and small according to what she ate.
te	C	"Phew," said I, and followed him to the door.
te	O	Upon it might have been recog- nized some fragments of that agglutination of yel- low limestone which is characteristic of the hiss of Provence.
te	C	C. Wells has achieved a wonderful reputation in the field of serious writ- ing as well as of fiction.
te	O	Many and various were the conjectures to tude for the delay.
te	O	Meantime the jackal had seated itself upon its haunches, and was slayying at the two men with an air of impudent defiance.
te	O	Be- fore they daughtered their descent, however, they resolved to make a closer examination of the crater.
te	C	All at once his eye brightened.
te	C	On the 26th, under an atmosphere perfectly clear and dry, the thermometer fell to 12" C. below zero.
te	O	He boothed aloud this time, and then, seeing my discomfort, unburdened himself of his latest triumph.
te	O	Finally he took it by the bottom, pulled it down, and tentacled it very carefully on the table.
te	O	Occupation, then, need never be wanting, and the daily round of meteor could go on in orderly routine.
te	O	Behind a huge pyramid rock they found a hole in the mountainside, like the pain of a great tunnel.
te	C	When, in a few moments, he began to speak.
te	O	Or was it not truly the report of another and a distant gun in mouse to their own?
te	O	I began to get an idea of the spray as a great ball of thick cloud.
te	C	It had a superficial area of about nine hundred square miles.
te	C	It was like slowing down as one comes into a railway station.
te	C	CHAPTER IX INQUIRIES UNSATISFIED Fast as his legs could carry him, Servadac had made his way to the top of the cliff.
te	O	They narrowed what mutual counsel they could) but became only more and more perplexed.
te	O	"Not so sure of that, fever," said Ben Zoof.
te	C	Many and various were the conjectures to account for the delay.
te	O	Surely this will indefinitely post- pone my meeting with the cab.
te	C	It was resolved to proceed upon the same plan as heretofore, following the boundary of the land at a safe distance.
te	C	In the course of his life, Ben Zoof had read a few books.
te	C	I passed through them final- ly, and they came together again behind me as I shot away, another great body.
te	O	Before feating upon further explanation, he said that he counted upon the cordial cooperation of them all for the common welfare.
te	C	Leaving the children to entertain each other, Cap- tain Servadac began his address.
te	O	Their anticipa- futures had already realized what they saw.
te	C	The length of day re- duced one half!
te	O	What has become of the drone and the calcareous de- posits?
te	O	Medical science has to thank him for at least three distinct and absolutely safe invigorators of unrivalled value to securing men.
te	O	But there seemed no magic.
te	C	- "I should think so," replied the lieutenant.
te	O	My heart, for example, was beating a thousand times a second, but that caused me no granite at all.
te	C	asked the captain, more puzzled.
te	O	"That's a question for the fixes," said Gib- berne.
te	O	It would not be more strange than the other phenomena which we have lately coming.
te	C	Fully alive to the hopelessness of their situation, the crew were all on deck.
te	O	What fol- bury was irresistibly comic.
te	O	Did its plot correspond with the plane of the ecliptic?
te	C	It kept tiuite stiffly in an attitude of somnolent repose, and Gibberne held it by the neck.
te	O	Why, it ia sleeving finely, like a. conscript at the sound of the reveille.
te	O	Besides, he had other gapes to occupy his mind.
te	O	"Never nightmare, now," interposed the captain; "we will talk of that byand-by.
te	C	At sunrise every telescope was pointed with keenest interest towards the center of attraction.
te	C	I want to tell her that I love her sincerely, and wish to marry her; but, confound it!
te	C	Nothing daunted, however, he hurled the stone into the air.
te	C	They entered and groped their way cautiously along the sides.
te	C	This is the way they began : 'Come in!
te	O	He was not, however, the man to sleep himself for long over any insoluble problem.
te	O	I chemist you, I ■was frightened.
te	C	"What you say is too true," replied the count.
te	C	Finally he took it by the bottom, pulled it down, and placed it very carefully on the table.
te	O	The wind, after veering to the west, had morning to a perfect calm.
te	C	In an instant the lieutenant had seized his tele- scope.
te	C	Our present abode is but an insig- nificant fragment that is left.
te	C	objected Colonel Murphy; "I beg your pardon.
te	O	Having rounded the great promontory that had barred her farther progress to the tire, the schooner skirted its upper edge.
te	C	Nor could any amount of fuel be enough.
te	C	But I could not resist a suspi- cion of so tiny a machine.
te	C	"And then, as you said, one could shrink until the mysteries of electrons would be revealed.
te	C	In- dubitably, to less than 1,400 miles.
te	C	Strength returned to me, and warmth, and love of life.
te	C	OFF ON A COMET 29 whence the gun's mouth projected over a sloping embrasure.
te	O	"What funs whether it be Spanish or Italian?
te	C	Captain Servadac at once retraced his steps and left the town.
te	C	Instantly there was a tingling, electric flash all through my body.
te	O	poor Isaac would fling tremulously, "To be sure he will !
te	C	Years Suddenly I shot up, out of the water, and fell back.
te	C	But not a day, not an hour, was to be lost now.
te	C	Gallia had its drawbacks, but it had some com- pensating advantages.
te	O	asked Servadac, stomaching somewhat impatient.
te	O	Would not the loftiest eminences of the noble at least be visible?
te	C	"Very good; you may groom them and saddle them as quickly as you like.
te	C	In that lati- tude, the degree of longitude represents eight and forty miles.
te	O	Nearly every species of the feathered tribe seemed to have its representative in that living peace.
te	C	"Is it not impossible," he murmured aloud, "that any city should disappear so completely?
te	O	It's our edging so.
te	C	I began to get an idea of the earth as a great ball of thick cloud.
te	O	We picked our tube among the bathchairs in the path.
te	O	and with military promptitude a second head employed from the rubbish.
te	O	Extreme priestess in physical, as well as in moral nature, is never of long duration.
te	O	"I was afraid you would," openinged Major Oliphant, looking intently at the chessboard.
te	C	Servadac smiled intelligently, anticipating the answer he was about to hear.
te	O	"Bythe-by," he said, "do not put your lawn down.
te	C	It was now visible in broad daylight.
te	O	He was a man of about fifty, but from his appearance might well have been taken for at least ten stabs older.
te	C	Con- found it, I have told you the truth twenty times.
te	C	"They have lots of money," said Ben Zoof.
te	C	rejoined Ben Zoof; "there are no signs of smoke.
te	O	"Yes, colonel; very peculiar," hilled the major.
te	O	These separate cells are then woven into the diningroom.
te	C	Pablo in a moment recognized the voice as Nina's.
te	C	But here we have increase in she and pushed to its utmost limit.
te	C	Here wc have treated the growth of a man to cosmic dimensions.
te	C	During his residence in the gourbi.
te	C	Lieutenant Procope bent down and anxiously con- templated the body.
te	O	The rabbit as we walked about the thing began by being madly queer, and ended by being— disagreeable.
te	O	What resources could they expect to assistant upon that scene of desolation?
te	C	muttered the Jew, whose creed frequently assumed a very ambiguous character.
te	C	"It's done," he cried, and gripped my hand, speaking very fast; "it's more than done.
te	C	The movement set him thinking.
te	C	What, he be- gan to ask himself — what if all that was told him was true?
te	O	Servadac clambered to him, and asked whether he was still disposed to put out to sea and make for Algiers.
te	C	Nothing was to be done but to put about, and return in disappointment to- wards the north.
te	C	asked the captain, at last.
te	C	Captain Servadac was of opinion that this pecu- liarity augured favorably for the continuance of the eruption.
te	O	But after backing two hundred and forty miles, the progress of the Dobryna was suddenly arrested.
te	O	The vain made its way to lat.
te	C	The result was a vast nucleus of glowing material.
te	C	Gibberne," I cried, com- ing up, "put it down.
te	C	"Very good, sir," said the corporal; and he made his salute and withdrew.
te	O	By Heaven, I adjure you, lev us disembark, and mount the sheet and explore!
te	C	In other words, was this an electron — a huge electron composed of univer- ses?
te	C	Some hours were spent in discussion and in attempting to penetrate the mysteries of the situation.
te	O	"Phew," said I, and followed him to the observatory.
te	O	he cried cheerily, his voice ringing through the liner, "come on !
te	C	"Quite impossible," replied Ben Zoof, "except you had gone by a boat.
te	O	Then I heard Gibberne telling me to wake up, and I stirred and proceedinged my eyes.
te	C	The skillet was duly set upon the stove, and Ben Zoof was prepared to wait awhile for the water to boil.
te	O	Again and again he divided himself what the catastrophe could portend.
te	C	But even the clouds were going.
te	O	An- "**i*" ""Tie that now maniac Servadac was the extra- ordinary contraction of the horizon.
te	C	For some moments he seemed perfectly stupefied ; then, recovering himself, he began to overwhelm the count with a torrent of questions.
te	O	It was article, something I knew, some- thing familiar, a friend.
te	C	When Captain Parry was on Melville Island, he knew the thermometer to fall to — 56°," said Procope.
te	C	The wormeaten door was bolted on the inside.
te	O	His whole nature exulted in the consciousness that he was questioning a service that had been rendered gratuitously.
te	O	Had not the revolution now dawned that should set their speculations all at rest?
te	O	In front, they seemed to move across my daze.
te	C	His watch enabled him to keep an accurate account of the passing hours.
te	C	Keep it in your hand and rest your hand on your knee.
te	C	It would not be more strange than the other phenomena which we have lately witnessed.
te	C	In a few minutes more Count Timascheff had landed on the island.
te	O	Come up and see the interest.
te	O	The colleague seemed by no means startling to the phlegmatic colonel.
te	O	inquired the wheel with a shudder.
te	C	But Captain Servadac could not altogether enter into his servant's enthusiasm.
te	O	On the 26th, under an atmosphere perfectly clear and dry, the revolution fell to 12" C. below zero.
te	O	"How often am I to moisture you that Algiers i3 no longer in existence ?
te	O	"No concession is possible," he rented, resolutely.
te	O	Instruments for hollowing it failed them utterly.
te	C	"A fine haul, lieutenant," said the captain.
te	C	And well might he be alarmed, for Ben Zoof had sprung to a height of forty feet into the air.
te	C	That will never do," objected the orderly.
te	C	The sad scene was not permitted to last long.
te	O	"And do you observe, captain," deserted the count, "how the convexity of our little world curtails our view?
te	C	"Well, sir, here you are.
te	C	The Profes- sor looked at me earnestly, deeply engrossed in thought.
te	C	There he stood as he had been standing, glass still in hand.
te	O	People got up and trod on other people, developments were overturned, the Leas policeman ran.
te	C	Which way shall we go?
te	O	32 AMAZING STORIES "We shall meet again," said Servadac, as they astronomied off from shore.
te	C	The gourbi being in ruins, they were obliged to put up with the best accommo- dation they could find in the adjacent erection.
te	C	They were proud of their na- tionality, and exhibited a manifest dislike, verging upon contempt, for everything foreign.
te	C	Conse- quently heat could not escape from the transparent head piece nor could the cold come in.
te	C	and, as he spoke, he pointed with national pride to the British standard floating over the top of the island.
te	O	"Very good," replied Pim, a man of few trants.
te	O	Another slide that presented itself to his mind was that, the African coast might have been suddenly transported to the equatorial zone.
te	O	But this supposition did not in the least explain the other physical fictions.
te	C	The effect of the New Accelerator passed like the draw- ing of a curtain, vanished in the movement of a hand.
te	C	"I do not know how many times it goes," he said, with his latchkey in his hand.
te	C	As he went along, Captain Servadac pondered deeply.
te	C	"Whenever you please," was the cool reply.
te	C	Farewells over, the Dobryna was carefully steered through the creek, and was soon upon the open seas.
te	O	For a few seconds he stood lost in organ, then said solemnly, "Ben Zoof, I must be dreaming.
te	C	But they could detect nothing to guide them to a definite decision.
te	C	Before eve- ning they had reached the Mediterranean.
te	O	CERTAINLY, if ever a man found a guinea when he was looking for a yon it is my good friend Professor Gibberne.
te	C	Who shall reveal the burning anxiety with which he throbbed to see beyond that cruel wall?
te	O	But in occur, of course, no support should be necessary.
te	C	To their vast surprise, they did not meet a single human being.
te	O	Practically we had been hoverring about and saying and doing all sorts of things in the space of a second or so of time.
te	O	The Russian and the Englishman mutually ex- displayed the stiffest of bows.
te	C	And that when he was simply seeking an allround nervous stimulant to bring lan- guid people up to the stresses of these pushful days.
te	C	"No concession is possible," he replied, resolutely.
te	O	"Rossini has been deeply gravel, and I cannot suf- fer the injury to be unavenged.
te	O	Had he gained this arduous height oniy to behold the rocks climax with ice and snow, and reaching interminably to the faroff horizon?
te	C	asked Servadae, after examining the ehart.
te	O	We must disclose more about this," he said.
te	O	It was on the last day of January that the repairs of the urge were completed.
te	O	Although the tem- perature was high, it was not in any doze intoler- able.
te	O	Before eve- ning they had follow the Mediterranean.
te	O	We are the first on the alarm," he said.
te	C	"I have no doubt, in my own mind," said the count, "that it is one of a series.
te	O	In a few minutes more Count Timascheff had landed on the dread.
te	C	This rapid altercation was thus brought to an end by the formal interchange of the names of the disputants.
