tr	5	We would rush for a man, simultaneously and as Nobs leaped for him upon one side, I would strike at his head with the stone hatchet from the other.
tr	5	He then ran- sacked the entire house, from cellar to attic, with no better success.
tr	5	"The wind was from the south, wasn't it?"
tr	5	Now I am able to picture to you the present.
tr	5	“It looks very much as if our engineer has decided to give the planet the go-by.”
tr	5	“Do you not see the earth is full of footprints?”
tr	5	The dib- dar, he small, but he the smartest little animal fellow on Venus.
tr	5	I knew what it had cost her to make the confession; to propose the course she had advocated.
tr	5	What tickled me is the rheostat on the barrel head.
tr	5	But before we tell that story we must return to see what was going on at Mineola.
tr	5	Then the scientific manager was impelled to catch a black ear in his teeth and bite furiously.
tr	5	His badge of authority gained them admission wherever they wished to go.
tr	5	She looked at him, hot hostility in her brown eyes, and he dropped his hand.
tr	5	Now don’t get me wrong: there’s nothing at all to this likeness, save what some fools like to give it.
tr	5	He was at this kind of work when a caller was an- nounced.
tr	5	And at once, when I discovered the mineral, a great vista, a wonderful idea came to me.
tr	5	I crossed to the bed,' and took up Hart's hand.
tr	5	“It would not be safe for me to even hint that I doubt the Steam God.
tr	5	At times he would go out to the parlor and look through the windows into the street.
tr	5	A layer of fine dust covered the runway.
tr	5	S LOWLY the professor turned a large black lever to the right.
tr	5	A voice came from somewhere beside me, yet I saw no one.
tr	5	“Sly proxy, thanks to radio, possesses both voice and hearing.
tr	5	Grim and terrible enough in fact, it ratioed up with reitera- tion.
tr	5	Here they must wait their chance of a whaler appearing, and for how long?
tr	5	The two doctors walked back into the house.
tr	5	DuQuesne glanced over the documents and thrust them into his pocket.
tr	5	The window through which we were looking had been concealed from below by the jungle growth.
tr	5	The pilots stepped out, pushing their goggles up over their helmets.
tr	5	In the trials even when the distance be- tween attuned minds had been three thousand miles, reception and dispatch of thought had been a suc- cess.
tr	5	“Good for him !” exclaimed Dorothy.
tr	5	“Beneath my feet, then, the earth must be tun- neled out to an enormous extent, and in these cav- erns the new race lived.
tr	5	There again she kissed me and bade mo good night, and then she went in and closed the door.
tr	5	Are the prisoners to be left there, to be worked to death by the Trogs?”
tr	5	By lot it fell to us to have two boys and one girl.
tr	5	For a space the curate was silent, and then he whis- pered : “God have mercy upon us!” 1 heard him presently whimpering to himself.
tr	5	He returned to the con- trols much refreshed.
tr	5	The blade caught the sunlight as he raised it above his head.
tr	5	"What do you think I ought to do?" he asked.
tr	5	We must have at least one of your tons, and two tons would be better."
tr	5	Bill, clinging on some mountainside.
tr	5	Heaven knows, I wanted to, for I faced the same thing here on earth that he was escap- ing from, but my mother needed my care.
tr	5	"At times I'd return to the city — to the real estate business ; but presently my old passion would master me.
tr	5	Livid clouds like whitish wool flocks had accumulated on the gray expanse and hung heavily over the city.
tr	5	Even its thin, chill air is filled with the frozen light.
tr	5	It all happened in less than ten seconds, and Mon- sieur Du Bois stood aghast at the turmoil.
tr	5	The liner dropped, rose, circled and dipped — all to no avail.
tr	5	He then moved ahead of the torpedo, along the guiding ray.
tr	5	"But what about my head?" was my next an^Tftis question.
tr	5	The newspapers themselves, when the news came clamoring, accept- ed it with reluctance.
tr	5	“Two shots,” replied Carnes, “but I still have those grenades.”
tr	5	Even if he did know he was there, there was nothing Soo could do about it.
tr	5	“Well, let us not worry about the future, Ramon.
tr	5	When he saw it, Peter added, “Pour a little water on it now : you know, wet earth has a different color when dried.”
tr	5	The hands were kept in this position for a few seconds.
tr	5	"That man's a passenger," said' Montgomery.
tr	5	The battle-cruiser was fast coming up, and a few miles in her rear, the battleship.
tr	5	and he jumped up and began to pace the cabin excitedly.
tr	5	He turned and addressed the mechanic, “Come here, Eddie.”
tr	5	They all seemed to become aware of us at once, all instantly became silent and motionless, like animals, with their faces turned towards us.
tr	5	Then they were over the city and the nine spheres circled and swooped, their wave generators operating at full capacity.
tr	5	The air in the cabin had grown uncomfortably warm.
tr	5	“I’m sending you Lieutenant Wainwright, a good pilot, in a single-motored seaplane.
tr	5	Although our host tried to visualize it to us, we failed entirely to understand.
tr	5	There are thousands of books which we know existed but of which today we only possess the names.
tr	5	In the power house is a laboratory where fighting suits are made and tested.
tr	5	And even of what we knew, how much could he make his untraveled friend believe?
tr	5	A large fragment of fencing came sailing past me, dropped edgeways, hit the ground and fell flat, and then the worst was over.
tr	5	Everybody began to talk at once, "The thing must be bullet proof !"
tr	5	Most of the door handles were stiff, and I was afraid to turn them.
tr	5	Releas- ing the key, I cnce more attempted to open the door.
tr	5	In that moment I had the sen- sation of being probed, handled.
tr	5	Still dazed, and somewhat THE GREEN STAR alarmed, he struggled to his knees on the long black table.
tr	5	"And in an hour we are off to attack the Martians in Mexico."
tr	5	A moment more the great globe hovered there; then it flashed down into the valley.
tr	5	"I don't think it explains everything, Professor," I replied.
tr	5	At the end, with many angry and threatening cries and gestures at us, the crowd bowed to him and dis- persed.
tr	5	Then as he lifted his head to glance at her again, she turned suddenly, her blue eyes looking straight into his somber brown ones.
tr	5	We have simply got to cover this clumsy parachute, how- ever badly, and make the attempt to land, no matter how dangerous.”
tr	5	When it is done, it will be a thing of beauty as long as Norlamin shall en- dure.”
tr	5	Fortunately there is a circular inclined plane or ramp in this building and your autocars are all equipped with brakes.
tr	5	“Suppose we could sort out the molecules ; stop those going downstream, release those going upstream.
tr	5	I’ll start this job with what you don’t know, and then you can finish it with what I don’t know.”
tr	5	There was only one other solution — since I left the tower, our course had been altered some eight points.
tr	5	"I — I guess I'm out of it.
tr	5	Then an old man came forward and addressed the court.
tr	5	“All were made out as usual, signed regularly by Dr. Lawrie and paid by him personally, upon maturity, from the university reserve.
tr	5	While examining these — for my interest had been transferred from the buds to the leaves — I discovered another interesting peculiarity of the remarkable plants.
tr	5	However, that was a long way off.
tr	5	She would be waiting for me — -expecting me to meet and help her.
tr	6	Visions of his helpless body caught and crushed between them flashed through his mind and next moment he was hurled directly toward them.
tr	6	Thus far, no one, once stricken with the disease, had recovered.
tr	6	Joel was a sweating ogre to: my weary eyes, the astronomers' clock sounded like an infernal anvil as it measured time monotonously.
tr	6	One of them snapped and fell down, trailing its wet inner surface over my shoulder.
tr	6	There was a movement in the room behind us, then a sharp intake of breath.
tr	6	The wine was flat and sour, but it moistened his dry throat and parched tongue most acceptably.
tr	6	From each of the warships a huge aeroplane rose and sailed out across the sky.
tr	6	But I feel that I must continue in logical order, giving each event as it happened, lest some may mis- construe the happenings which I later reveal.
tr	6	Now every piece of metal, every prop, every piece of fabric, every man, was daubed with the solution, so that the entire fleet should be immune to the Ray.
tr	6	The dull and in- dolent are ruled out of this sort of thing by their own natural lack of ambition.
tr	6	This was Jem Chip, the treasurer of the Weldon Institute.
tr	6	To this question of Camille Flamma- rion's the answer is easy, it will be when the prog- ress of mechanics has enabled us to solve the problem of aviation.
tr	6	The Zeeth sank slowly until the inverted cups which terminated the cables hung suspended level with the mastheads.
tr	6	We are absolutely the only ones in this apart- ment who are not air minded.”
tr	6	shouted Cosmo, setting twenty bells ringing at oncef.
tr	6	I think I could still love you a lot if you would snap out of it and do something.
tr	6	One in par- ticular attracted my gaze and held it.
tr	6	A basket of leaf pulp was brought before it to be eaten in two or three gulps.
tr	6	Though he could now feel their vibrations of excitement and curiosity, yet they seemed to move with exaggerated case and grace.
tr	6	"For once in my life I nearly fainted away with horror.
tr	6	Johnson and the Doctor were going over the par- ticulars of the sad catastrophe as the vessel fled swiftly on, and bays and promontories passed before the eye like same vast panorama.
tr	6	Then I ventured too near the cone of blue flame where they keep the catalyst I was after.
tr	6	He had hired a boy in the neighborhood to bring him fresh dead rats at twenty-five cents per head.
tr	6	I’ve got everything ready to leave this damned mountain.”
tr	6	Anyway, to save even one day we’d have to more than double the acceler- ation, and none of us could do anything, so we’d better let it ride.
tr	6	It was a demand from the unseen voice to instantly acquiesce to subservience to the Ingols ; failing that, dire consequences were promised.
tr	6	They would find us enjoying home life far more than they ever dreamed it would be enjoyed.
tr	6	“Wrong road,” he said drily and turned back and took the right-hand path.
tr	6	It’s too late to start off for your secret valley now.
tr	6	Later on, the body lay on the operating table, the battery of glistening instruments was suspended abov§ it and all enclosed in a glass case.
tr	6	Can you explain all this?" "I brought home with me four large eggs from my African expedition, for examination.
tr	6	They saw the mammoth butterfly start in surprise at Moura’s sudden appearance, but he did not retreat.
tr	6	"Now, suppose we add another dimension, namely width.
tr	6	Calls for order failed to check the applause for the girl.
tr	6	An observer on Mars would have his limitations and an observer on Arcturus would have still others.
tr	6	“We’d better get him to the hospital over on the mainland,” said the army officer.
tr	6	But the dead denizens of the oceans’ depths were not to be lightly ignored.
tr	6	Now I had no doubt of his fate.
tr	6	It never came, for in the interval, the secret of the Terror was stumbled upon.
tr	6	The sale was to take place at noon, and all the morning the traffic in Bolton Street was seriously interfered with.
tr	6	That’s all we need — a house one side and stores the other, with a wall and two bastions.
tr	6	"And take care that your fellows don't get their arms and legs blown off," added the officer.
tr	6	We may be able to do better than that."
tr	6	Cold water, the chief drink of these people, was served in similar gourd cups.
tr	6	The tetter he received had not contained much in- formation, but enough to make him want to know more.
tr	6	One of the pas- sengers came hurrying up.
tr	6	"You son-of-a-gun !"
tr	6	Silence, save for the whisper of the morning breeze.
tr	6	With a loud wher-r-r, the Professor accelerated the machine to follow the electron around in its invisible orbit.
tr	6	With a careless shrug of her shoulder, she left the garage.
tr	6	The mist had transferred itself into a confused jumble of indistinct objects, some of which moved about before him.
tr	6	The same fluid circulates through my body only once, nourishing it and gathering all impurities as it goes.
tr	6	My uncle's rage was now directed against the cook for having no dinner ready.
tr	6	But I was petrified, in- capable of moving hand or foot, too terrified and overwhelmed even to cry out.
tr	6	“Do you believe me NOW?” said the Bureau chief, as he thrust the papers into Errell’s hands.
tr	6	Olympic games at Copen- hagen postponed by a foot of snow.
tr	6	At last they were again in the office where Arcot had first seen the Venerian.
tr	6	Then — was it because of their being out of breath?
tr	6	“Then someone in Germany tried to communicate with Mars or some other planet and it fell back on the earth?”
tr	6	EVANS heaved a long sigh that sounded more like a groan.
tr	6	“Well, we’d better snap over to Callisto and take this up with the Council,” Brandon put in.
tr	6	Telegrams reached the police bureau from every part, of America, each contradict- ing and nullifying the others.
tr	6	"We appreciate your foresight, Major," said Meyer-Maier, as they stepped into the steel-armored machine.
tr	6	No one in the mob knew what was going on any- where except immediately about him.
tr	6	"A proper course," said Mr. Maydig, "a very proper course — altogether the proper course."
tr	6	Within a few seconds, the eraser had been lifted right through the solid walls of the bottle and had been dropped on the table!'
tr	6	However, the bad weather continued, and leaving Fort Providence, even for an hour, was out of the question.
tr	6	At the scratch of the needle he cried out and Lothaire, hardened as he was, shuddered slightly.
tr	6	I did not doubt for a moment that In- gra was in the capital, and thick in the plot.
tr	6	I cannot understand how it happened that you lived through that crash.
tr	6	But now every motion appeared to be the exact inversion of her previous one.
tr	6	Over Ealing, Richmond, Wimbledon, it would have seemed as if some monstrous pen had flung ink upon the chart.
tr	6	"You bring us good news, Toron," I replied, "and we accept the invitation of your council.
tr	6	He had a melancholy face, and his lips were set in a thin line.
tr	6	But to hit a relatively small and rapidly moving target even a mile away is no mean feat of marksmanship.
tr	6	I was aroused by Rita shaking me gently ; one hand, cool and soft, laid across my mouth.
tr	6	“I understand, all right; but I caa’t understand the power of these rays.
tr	6	The trick of the mirror presented the swart man as a gross expansion of lip and nostril.
tr	6	He explained his plans and handed to each a copy of his detailed general instructions.
tr	6	“I find myself greatly in debt to you, my servant,” he said at last.
tr	6	Nor was there any sheen of shimmering disintegrator rays surrounding it, to interfere with the sparkling sight.
tr	6	“I couldn’t stand to see her in that filthy place any longer,” Jason told World News.
tr	6	But I was thrown down, and while he held me under his knee, the madman was cutting the cords of the car.
tr	6	“No, on the contrary, just the reverse,” he replied.
tr	6	“Take one of the flying life boats” she explained.
tr	6	I was fighting it ; I tried to hide what I was begin- ning to feel, tried to treat her as if she were a man.
tr	6	Is that clear V 1 "It sounds like Einstein's theory."
tr	6	They were overcome by a great curiosity which they could not allow to remain unsatiated.
tr	6	It was a war such as the system had never before seen.
tr	6	The bellow came again, but this time with a querulous note.
tr	7	We must trust that it has limited its mischief to some small por- tion of the Algerian coast, and that our friends are all alive and well.
tr	7	As to whether the ascent will take more or less time " "In any case, Mr. Smith," interrupted I, "you and I are fully resolved to pursue our quest to the end."
tr	7	I think an unfortunate love affair was what ruined his life— back on the earth.
tr	7	It was of an indefinite green tint ; and I won- dered if it could be the outcropping of a mountain range.
tr	7	He met with little success, but strangely enough I did feel better that he was in charge, as if he could perform miracles where we had failed.
tr	7	We entered by means of an extremely powerful microscope and the fourth dimension."
tr	7	T O RUN up the inclined surface of the pali- sade and drop to the ground outside was the work of but a moment, or would have been but for Nobs.
tr	7	Thereupon the archer signalled me to follow and led the way across the room.
tr	7	I sit here in my chair and listen to a thousand word essay on the toadstool.
tr	7	Captive observation balloons sent up by the Eupenian air service reported no massing of *Mo- roman troops.
tr	7	Full realization of this forced itself upon my dazed perception and acted as a goad to my rebellious muscles.
tr	7	I, an ethnologist, had vio- lated far too many graves, had disinterred far too many dead, had handled far too many bodies in all stages of preservation to have any squeamish ideas left regarding them.
tr	7	This, to me, was like a giant missile hurled from a gun.
tr	7	The great staring eyes, the shape of the muzzle were froglike, but the highly developed brain had set upon the head and shape of it vital differences.
tr	7	Now he was to take them through unknown dangers to an unknown haven, but they feared to displease him.
tr	7	"Look!" exclaimed Kirk, glancing at the screen, "Someone is entering the room."
tr	7	While watching the horrible spectacle before her, one of her heels had sunk into a depression in the floor.
tr	7	"If anything was belted on, we could instantly nullify all the gravity from that ascending line and get all the power possible from the descending line.
tr	7	The narrow way seemed to run along one side of the vessel, from end to end, giving entrance to the vari- ous compartments.
tr	7	We have been using a telescope of a million million times the ordinary power.”
tr	7	Fortunately I had presence of mind enough to keep my watch going, as well as the captain’s chronom¬ eter, for otherwise I would have had no knowledge of the passage of time.
tr	7	I think we felt that there was no need to question, that we both understood in a dim way the connection between the events.
tr	7	Upon that universal matrix of matter, that mother of all things that you name the ether, we labored.
tr	7	The paper says ; “It is possible that they are the tones of Professor Crockett.”
tr	7	Won- derful things were expected ■ ■- ■-■ of this new apparatus and, though they had often been disappointed, they were very anxious to test the new ray.
tr	7	This is a process which in Nature requires ages of time; Professor Grimm hastened it experimentally.
tr	7	I had yet to learn just what would control the monstrous plants, and what steps I would have to take for my own protection.
tr	7	There was something about him that focused our attention immediately he rose to greet us ; and when he spoke, we knew he was no ordinary hillman.
tr	7	These two passed, leaving their effects, and the little community grew in numbers and in understanding, and met and set- tled social and economic problems that arose.
tr	7	The pistol again became serviceable, this time for the destruction of the elevator, thus blocking any possible pursuit, yet without revealing my flight.
tr	7	“What in Heaven’s name caused the explosion then?” asked the president.
tr	7	Stand with me behind the prism and in a moment more we will be looking into Nusta’s glorious eyes, hearing the music of her voice.
tr	7	As far as any outward indication of its existence was concerned the mighty capital had ceased to be.
tr	7	Now you must conceive the lapse of a vast period of time before the great tragedy, of which I am about to speak, took place.
tr	7	Here he could lie in the light of the sun.
tr	7	T he information, however, did not prevent him from calling to Crane a few minutes later, even though he w'as still deep in conversation with Mar- garet.
tr	7	It poised for a moment, seeming to contemplate us, and then came closer, gliding smoothly toward us on its spider-like limbs.
tr	7	I asked, sud- denly remembering the clever young woman who was i supposedly listening in and watching over her auxil- iary telephonoscope.
tr	7	I’ve gone hunting in that section a hundred times.”
tr	7	I can’t really understand even a radio, and just thinking about those funny, complicated rays and things you are going after makes me dizzy in the head.
tr	7	A vast number of by- products result, and from these all or nearly all (Note hy Dr. Ljman).
tr	7	I T was just a few days after this conversation that Mrs. Teeple called her husband up at the factory.
tr	7	The ink, too, was different from any ink with which he was familiar.
tr	7	A little table was in the middle of the large room and two little splint bottom chairs stood on either side of the table.
tr	7	The after- noon had been hot and the cooling influence of the plating bath had been more than he could resist.
tr	7	"There's a speeder playing havoc with the crowd over there!"
tr	7	Beyond him I saw that a section of the wall had opened, sliding into grooves on either side the opening.
tr	7	In "A Visit to Suari" our author gives us a touch of sarcasm that is pleasantly reminiscent of Dean Swift.
tr	7	The road itself passed through these ruins and between two high rocks that raised them- selves like a gateway.”
tr	7	“It is the mirage which deceives us and makes her seem so near us.”
tr	7	Its physical condition is still largely a mystery, but we know now that even in its equa- torial region the midday temperature barely ap- proaches that of our coldest winter.
tr	7	Is it not possible that her subconscious self, her soul or spirit, may be reincarnated in another body?
tr	7	Burl dashed on, frantic with anxiety about the tribe, but most of all about Saya.
tr	7	James THE SUPERMAN 473 withdrew from the fight for a minute to signal the fleet to land behind the Myrmidons and have their crews at¬ tack from the rear, so as to surround them.
tr	7	And without another word he had gone out of the door.
tr	7	So, then, the perpetrator of this kidnapping was Robur the engineer, come expressly to Philadelphia to destroy in its egg the theory of the balloonists.
tr	7	In a geodesic-hurdler this fluid is freely distrib- uted over the entire interior of the canals, and severe vertigo, nausea, and vomiting result.
tr	7	Once we passed a sample of heavily fur-clad men on long and awkward snow-shoes with rifles in their mittened hands.
tr	7	And this must be accomplished without the identity of the custodian becoming known to even the most trusted of his henchmen.
tr	7	The strength of Morey's beam was growing at a tremendous rate, as the two ma- chines approached at nearly three hundred miles an hour.
tr	7	Soon he opened another door and led her into a tiny compartment so low that they could not stand upright— a mere cubicle of steel.
tr	7	It was de- cided that the name should be “Terrestrian,” and plans were made to christen it in as scientific a manner as pos- sible.
tr	7	The satellite seemed a little larger than when viewed from the planet, and its empty plains gleamed with an almost blinding intensity.
tr	7	ing the donkey, that momentarily we had forgotten all about the paper and our search for the dog.
tr	7	“The maximum water level, however, is forty-seven inches above the floor of the attic.
tr	7	You get a longer reach than any one in the brasted vault.
tr	7	Most of those who were climbing up were shaken off, but we three managed to keep our footing, hanging on by feet and hands and teeth.
tr	7	And each fought, and was bruised, and shamed, and somehow held his own — going through with it— passing it on. . . .
tr	7	Yet a sufficient number reached the smooth highways and level pas- tures to do everything that was required of them.
tr	7	There really was nothing so remarkable about him, except that his step, as light as a cat’s, was not in keep- ing with his great bulk.
tr	7	♦These are the so-called seed leaves, which are what we eat in the leguminous giants.
tr	7	Most of the prob- lems he gave me were projection problems ; but beyond that I could not grasp the drift of his work.
tr	7	"I think within a few moments you are due to have a rather astound- ing surprise."
tr	7	We have to invent a sort of life where men can live and breed, and be sufficiently secure to bring the children up.
tr	7	I rolled from my position, and down the side of the pyramid of globes.
tr	7	In the retrospect it is strange to remember how soon I fell in with these monsters' ways, and gained my confidence again.
tr	7	046 AMAZING STORIES and then return it, by the same means, unharmed, to my laboratory.”
tr	7	Smith had seen those machines a thousand times, but never saw to the heart of one until that day.
tr	7	I spoke to you then of a cloud looming in the future."
tr	7	The image will be about three by three and a half inches when mag- nified.
tr	7	It seemed that the schools trained every person in one or more useful occupations which he might choose.
tr	7	But we had never guessed how extremely important that person was from our own point of view.
tr	7	CHAPTER II W E reached our destination in due time and, hav- ing arrived at the location where I had secured the specimens the preceding season, and had done my excavatory work.
tr	7	For some time he stood thus, literally aghast at the magnitude of his discovery.
tr	7	I drummed with my fingers on the floor between my knees, and gritted the links of my fetters together.
tr	7	His body would remain millions of years in a perfectly preserved state, untouched by the hoary palm of such time as only geologists and astronomers can conceive.
tr	7	And not only was there the complete disappear- ance of these two considerable personages in the State of Pennsylvania, but there was no news of the valet Frycollin.
tr	7	Refraction, which is common enough in Arctic lati- tudes, had made him assume these formidable dimen- sions, while the vibration in the atmosphere had re- stored him to his original proportions.
tr	7	Many questioned me, but I would not speak and would not permit myself to even think of what I had seen and heard.
tr	7	You see I had always anticipated that the people of the year Eight Hundred Thousand odd would be incredibly in front of us in knowledge, art, everything.
tr	8	"Rights of preemption," came floating into my head — planetary rights of pre- emption.
tr	8	He knew also that there was a section of the Cabinet, headed by the Home Secretary, that did not share this view.
tr	8	All the ingenious ideas of the Professor were realized; he had dictated it rightly to me ; by a mere accident I had discovered what he so much desired.
tr	8	And if you want to cut off the flow of his reminis- cences abruptly, you can always do so by asking if there weren’t three manuscript books in the story.
tr	8	But I feel that it would best serve the interest of the people of this state if you sent in your resignation instead of having to go to trial.
tr	8	There followed sharp discussion marked by temper and lack of logic.
tr	8	I shouted fiercely, at the same moment sending the cylinder flashing straight upward with all its speed.
tr	8	Then I slipped over the river’s bank, into the water, and the swift current, catching me up and whirling me around dizzily, carried me toward the edge of the water- fall.
tr	8	From the cavern at the foot of the shaft, a regulation tunnel extended to the Callistonian city of Zbardk.
tr	8	And there was no shouting after Kemp’s cry — only a sound of blows and feet and a heavy breathing.
tr	8	In fact, I strongly advise you to refuse it, a thing which you can do with honor as it is not in your line of duty.”
tr	8	Olandee vibrated, his single thought-word impinging in the geologist’s brain like the edge of a lance.
tr	8	And always Hektor lay as dead, breathing slowly, his pulse a mere flicker, yet needless of food or drink, so great was the energy that the sphere of the Things had poured into him.
tr	8	Tubby thought, for there was not even moonlight coming in through the window.
tr	8	It was from it, then, that there had come these strange disk- bo died Neptunians who had captured us, who had annihilated our space-flier and our friends.
tr	8	1174 AMAZING STORIES The machine groaned, strained at its anchor bolts, and shifted its speed to an even higher pitch of confused shrieks and throbbing poundings.
tr	8	And groping out of the radiance, pausing at the verge of the dais, leaping down from it, came Larry, laughing, filled with life, blinking as one who draws from darkness into sunshine.
tr	8	To one who has not seen this incomparable sight with his own eyes no verbal description can convey a clear idea of the splendor of the lunar dawn.
tr	8	Tell me, is it true that you nourish your bodies by taking food through your mouths into vour stomachs?"
tr	8	“We’ll be able to trace the direction of that secret telephone wave now.
tr	8	He has simply made use of a principle known for some tune, but as there was no need for it, they haven't used it.
tr	8	Haseombe later nicknamed him the Prince-Bishop, for his com- bination of the qualities of the statesman and the ecclesiastic: his real name wa3
tr	8	They poured down upon the blue eye like cylindrical tor- rents; they were like shining pillars of rising from a sapphire floor.
tr	8	Our star, the star of Urquin, and his skin as golden as the face of Inti.
tr	8	The mayor of Morganton, Mr. Elias Smith\ was a tall man, vigorous and enterprising, forty years old or more, and of a health to defy all the doctors of the two Americas.
tr	8	We were well out in mid-Atlantic, temporarily out of sight of our out-distanced escort, when John Rixon put our unspoken fear into words.
tr	8	The prospect of dying in the space-flyer, millions of miles from our own Earth, was not calculated to rouse a ravenous appetite.
tr	8	These reflections, upon their arrival back at the projector some minute fraction of a second after they had left, will find the ‘receptor disc’ with its antenna coils right in line to pick it up.
tr	8	With Ky-lin bound by his new duties as Randenat, it was not possible for him to leave his people.
tr	8	It was about a month after Professor Banning's de- parture that Great Man Number Five appeared on the scene.
tr	8	“I have heard some talk of her going to the North Seas.
tr	8	As he pointed out, he could get to San Francisco in four days and he would be safe in Honolulu long before the day came when he was due to die in Ohio.
tr	8	But in spite of the formlessness of our future, my work progressed as never before.
tr	8	Their whispering grew into a chant, a cadenced whispering chant that rose and fell, rose and fell, while to its rhythm the globes lifted and sank, lifted and sank.
tr	8	The brevity of human life, which is but another expression of the certainty of death, underlies all philanthropy — all emotions of sympathy, love and mercy.
tr	8	Bell cudgeled his brain for a fitting response to the monarch’s somewhat lengthy remarks.
tr	8	"The very question I was about to put to you, Captain Servadac."
tr	8	“When it started from the bottom, it traveled very slowly until it reached the mouth, level with the floor of the temple.
tr	8	It came even sooner than he had anticipated, with the results that we had already noted in New York.
tr	8	“Now it has a population of billions — all degenerate slaves of Garo Nark, Lord of the Dark Star.
tr	8	After adjusting several knobs at the end of the tos rod we suddenly made out the form of the earth floating in space.
tr	8	Presently a little stand was ])laced heside him, on which were a pipe and enough of the drug for several “pills.”
tr	8	Now move over and give me enough of the bed to lie comfortably in, and give me a chance to get a little sleep."
tr	8	Being satisfied, she turned to Phil and said: "Now aren't you glad that I let Gyp go instead of you?
tr	8	“False disciple of Light — renegade priest who for- sook the teachings of Buddha to .sell thy soul to the Devil in thy quest of the occult — thy time is short.
tr	8	They walked with such long, rapid strides that I was forced to hurry at a brisk trot to keep up with them.
tr	8	In Asia, after the bleak tundra lands of Siberia had been made short work of, the big, overcrowded cities of northern China were the first to bow before the polar king.
tr	8	It possessed three great horns — one, fully a yard long, above each eye, and the other, smaller on the tip of the nose.
tr	8	“The two gases, by the centrifugal force of the rotating spheres are then shot out through the funnels into the surrounding atmosphere and intermingle with it.
tr	8	He had so forgotten Ameenajs gracious beauty in the excitement of the moment that his hat was now jammed on the back of his head, and his fat little fists were clenched belligerently.
tr	8	I was hustled out of the hotel to the garage, and, with the sparking gun, was shortly on the way to the coast.
tr	8	Courtland was for trying their fate at once, but the Professor urged that they should wait until the night of the full moon.
tr	8	The water was close to their feet, and there was no great difficulty in pushing the affair off the rocks and getting it afloat.
tr	8	In a moment it had passed, and left him with only a violently pounding heart.
tr	8	At one instant the mist crept sluggishly to the tune of the slow crash of the growing crystal creature.
tr	8	I seated myself in the chair he indicated with his thumb and waited for him to speak.
tr	8	He was, in fact, the only person that I did thoroughly under- stand during the whole period of my residence on this benighted island.
tr	8	Many wish to know if large cities and rivers can be seen, and some even go so far as to ask if you can see trains and people move about the surface of the earth.
tr	8	"As you will see,” he began in the tone he once used in the lecture-room, “you hold a fragment of arseno- pyrite rock or mispickel.
tr	8	This instrument was nothing more than a long slender hand-vice, with a very powerful grip, and a considerable leverage, which last was acci- dentally owing to the shape of the handle.
tr	8	On a table to the right of the screen were numerous in- struments whose use I could not begin to guess, and a piece of apparatus I did recognize — a simple conical pendulum.
tr	8	"Unluckily, the Germans got wise to my bombs and began using some form of diving helmets, fast- ened over the heads, which kept the fumes and gases from their noses and mouths.
tr	8	The spot on the moon had hourly grown in size and toward the last day its growth was almost visible ; it was estimated to be traveling at the terrific speed of about fifteen hundred miles every terrestrial hour !
tr	8	Some writing was placed before me, to see if I knew anything of a written language, and some balls were slowly counted.
tr	8	“You’re as sane as any man in New York,” I assured him.
tr	8	In fact your state- ment that some fell back at a considerable distance from where you sent them soaring indicates to my mind that the others merely descended beyond your sight or hear- ing.
tr	8	I would like to live long enough to write a detailed report or history of my experiences, but that is not to be; so I am going to tell you what I can of my amazing experiences.
tr	8	"I knew he was small," Trent returned with sur- prise, "but I thought surely he must have some fist to be the terror of these dock laborers."
tr	8	Say, Alex, open the Diesels wide and give us every watt you can kick out of the generators.
tr	8	Above the panting flames waved an immense plume- shaped cloud of smoke, red at its base and black at its summit.
tr	8	On every side towered the pillars of basalt, as smooth and perfect as though they had been carved and polished by the hand of man.
tr	8	There was nothing left of the pants below the knees.
tr	8	God knows what they are, but they cannot hurt us any- way, and we will hold them till to-morrow and then send them in trucks to the General-in-Chief."
tr	8	“There’s a small washroom down the hall,” he directed Malone, washing his hands in a pan of gaso- line.
tr	8	Set in position so as to halt any machine coming from the bridge, was the huge bulk of Chal- mers’ coupe.
tr	8	And there is another thing — that Lugur does not know — when he opens the Portal the Silent Ones will hear and Lakla and the Akka will be swift to greet its opener."
tr	8	In all probability — considering the age and the environ- ments and the conditions of those planets — ^their inhabi- tants are immeasurably ahead of us poor humans in every way.
tr	8	It was all very indistinct, the heavy smell the big unmeaning shapes, the white figures lurking in the shadows, and only waiting for the darkness to come at me again.
tr	8	I had abundant proof that, by some mysterious psychological phenomenon, he had been at- tuned to, if not actually (in spirit of course) a part of, the scenes I had witnessed.
tr	8	It was mailed from Austin, to a friend of the editor in another state, with a request that it be forwarded to us.
tr	8	In this first, unlettered, only slightly touched with the Span- valley it neither rained nor snowed, but the abundant " springs gave a rich green pasture, that irrigation would spread over all the valley space.
tr	8	“The Dark Star,” Thon Ahrora explained, “is a huge planet, which circles no sun, drifting alone through the night of space.
tr	8	They know now pretty certainly that moon and earth are not so much satellite and primary as smaller and greater sisters, made out of one mass, and consequently made of the same material.
tr	8	She noticed it at the same time that he did, and controlling herself, she shut off the rays, for the post was severed in the middle and showed a gap about four inches deep.
tr	8	This was followed by complete darkness, accompanied by a feeling of lightness.
tr	8	All I gathered from the details that he gave me was that the power of these motors was derived from that element very rare on Earth — radium.
tr	8	For some reason, I have always taken the thing pretty seriously, and I often have felt that I knew what was going on in another person’s mind, without always a'conscious effort at reception.
tr	8	It was a white object about 631 THE MASTER the size and shape of a toy top — round at one end and sharply pointed at the other.
tr	8	But neither physician was aware of the part the Ex- terminator had played.
tr	8	Throughout I found it logical, but the portions which were not merely logical were unhappily the initial arguments of the dis- believing hero of the book.
tr	9	This faculty could not be replaced, and Chicago would at once leap to the fore as the most important seat of learning in the world.
tr	9	Immediately below them the terrain was mountainous and heavily wooded ; while far to the east the rays of a small, pale sun glinted upon a vast body of water.
tr	9	Remember, Mart, these instruments are thousands of times as sensi- tive as the keenest human senses — they'll spot trouble long before we could, even if we were looking right at it."
tr	9	“One thing I don’t understand”—this was Larry again—“is why a girl like you keens coming out of the black-haired crowd, so frequently and one might say, so regularly, Lakla.
tr	9	It occurred to me that it would be rather odd if — my friend — chanced to be looking through some telescope."
tr	9	"Am 1 to believe that Gourbi Isiand, that little shred of Algeria, constitutes all that is left of our glorious France?
tr	9	Every night when the turnkey closed his cell door, Winston's spirit went out and rode hour after hour along the Milky Way in the blistered, heat-warped hull of the Columbia.
tr	9	Cosmo was not seriously hurt by the blow he had received, and after ah hour or two of rest in his cabin he came out smiling and bowing to the con- gratulations that were showered upon him.
tr	9	sequently it is impossible to secure the malefactors ■who would upset the world under pretense of open- ing up new coal-fields.
tr	9	Then it stopped suddenly short, leaving a strange, painful stillness, punctuated by the feeble rattle of the airplane.
tr	9	He could only guess at the outcome; in fact, he was of the opinion that many times his strength, applied as in the present circumstances, would be re- quired in doing this monster to death.
tr	9	“Stay here,” commanded one of the three watchers as he rose and crept away in the direction of the seaplane.
tr	9	They also were three in number; stout men, rather obtrusively dressed, in jovial spirits, with strong faces flushed now with the wine they had taken at dinner.
tr	9	Heat energy, explosives, all sorts of energies unknown to us, have been experi- mented with and no results of consequence obtained.
tr	9	They repre- sented the head of a creature which seemed to be part feline and part reptile.
tr	9	Not one was a mem¬ ber of local, State, or national committees or con¬ ventions.
tr	9	They had been forced lo buy the hole in order to secure the rest of the land.
tr	9	The pent-up terror of half-a-million desperate men and women burst forth at the news of the falling of the two Lunite torpedoes into San Francisco.
tr	9	The author has a knack for describing mechanical inventions in a most un- usual manner, and it is surprising that some of these inz'en- tions are not actually in use.
tr	9	He slipped on his black mask again, got a heavy automatic pistol from the storeroom, which he held conspicuously before him, stepped in front of the screen, and threw on the projector.
tr	9	The inhabitants of the world would then know the fate that was in store for them, according to the segment of the spheroid on which they resided.
tr	9	“And yet you do not doubt that Dr. Henclen lost his life in a district where ants and insects were as large and larger than human beings.
tr	9	Tunja and his men were lounging in the background murmuring softly to each other; occasionally one would rise and toss a few branches upon the conflagration.
tr	9	And had the scientists been animated and alive to their situation, they would have been amazed at the magnitude of the underground world into which they were taken.
tr	9	After working an hour, I began to speculate on the distance one had to go before the cloaca was reached — the chances we had of missing it altogether.
tr	9	Half-buried in the glowing sands were metal birds of every kind — birds that had flown over the sur- rounding cliffs.
tr	9	They had gone deep into the field of mor- phology, studying the form and arrangements of the structures possessed by plants and animals, in investi- gating the cause of their luminescence.
tr	9	The wheeled towers which ad- 353 vance at the rate of about fifteen miles an hour, never stop.
tr	9	John said that they were stalactites and stalagmites that had become united and gave us a short account of their formation.
tr	9	I saw a figure pass across from one large building to another — a figure unmistakably that of a white man.
tr	9	In view of what I had passed through, I often wondered what chance I had to complete that journey in search of my friends.
tr	9	Who knows but that some bold explorer might venture into still unknown lands and discover a flower even more nearly approximating the description of “The Malignant Flower?"
tr	9	“They have re- mained longer,” I thought; but when I was quite close to the base of the cliffs, I saw that which dashed my hopes and my happiness to earth.
tr	9	She was frightened and she had stolen away, while the feeding was still going on, and Uya was busy with the marrow of a bone.
tr	9	He was acting in obedience to a warning which was in itself as mysterious as the danger in- dicated.
tr	9	T AMAZING STORIES 190 corresponding serums, the analysis of toxic sub- stances — these and kindred activities kept him in touch with current medical problems.
tr	9	He faced the jungle and gave some commands in the same peculiar wail which Willis had used in addressing the Indians.
tr	9	He half drew his pistol to finish the job, but observing that the victim was probably family wounded he thrust it back into its holster and 408 AMAZING STORIES went on into the house.
tr	9	“It’s simply a place to store machines for secret flights,” he decided.
tr	9	In spite of all that the police could do, betting was high, and literally millions of dollars, in the aggregate, were wagered on the outcome of the race.
tr	9	Even to the thick-velvet-like carpets was the silver-gray effect carried while the windows and book-cases were draped with curtains of silver cloth.
tr	9	This was a great blow to me for I had hoped that sooner or later I would be able to make my way back over the mountains to the Antarctic and that I thus might rejoin my fellow men.
tr	9	As I ran down the hill from the arsenal, I plumped straight into the arms of four of the Zar’s police.
tr	9	It was as if the builders had not been able to make up their minds as to what they were trying to construct.
tr	9	"But tell me," I broke in, now thoroughly inter- ested and quite oblivious of the seeming impossibil- ities he was describing.
tr	9	“After this exhibition, our host showed us all of the planets at a close view, and we were shown that none of the planets except the earth bore life.
tr	9	Moura stayed within doors in the seclusion of his # A brownish, resinous material, of waxy consistency, collected by bees from the buds of trees and used as a cement.
tr	9	By seeking these high places, and sheltering them- selves as best they could among immovable rocks, they succeeded, at least, in delaying their fate.
tr	9	Hearing a rustling sound near the door, I looked, and saw the gleaming print of a human foot forming on the carpet.
tr	9	Luckily there were no large ones in the mass, none measuring more than six feet or so in diameter with most of them from a few inches across to about one or two feet.
tr	9	She was in the midst of a rocky hollow measuring from fifteen to eighteen hundred feet in circumference.
tr	9	For a time I stood regarding the details of the con- struction while thoughts raced.
tr	9	His features were in type not unlike those of the people of our eastern civilization of today.
tr	9	Skirting the rocky shore, we passed the channel that had been burned into the black rock beneath the shattered crystal valve under Luda, the luminous white water still lipping into its smooth groove.
tr	9	As yet I have made no attempt to communicate with the one we came to seek, so I can tell you nothing of him, but I have the suspicion that he is not.
tr	9	How enthusiastically I kept telling myself that I had shared in the greatest invention of the ages !
tr	9	No, no, my archeological friend, we cannot see atoms or electrons merely for the very excellent reason that, individually, they are too minute for our eyes to detect.
tr	9	She made no mention of the cave, but merely stated that Bell had hidden her on his plantation, after frustrating the ab- duction plans of the brutal Villac Vmu.
tr	9	Pipes surrounded this chamber, and ap- peared to be distributing heat from a fire in one corner.
tr	9	Well, the machines are invented, the fulcrum is found, and it is to the righting of the Earth's axis that our efforts will be directed."
tr	9	I’m going to give you the generally accepted idea, since we have nothing definite to offer in its place, but I warn you that that idea is very probably wrong.
tr	9	Montross declares that now we have solved the prob- lem of breaking down QW we can unquestionably produce the desired chemicals without resorting to such a roundabout and dangerous method.
tr	9	Hicks wore a pleased flush that was not entirely due to pride in his achievements.
tr	9	and the boulevards of Paris, thousands and hundreds of thousands of these savages swarmed, the ways choked with corpses of the slain.
tr	9	But within six days, thanks to the ceaseless efforts of telepathists and linguists, she was able to converse in English and several of the stu- dents had mastered the two tongues of her own Callisto.
tr	9	Letting our- selves down with the rope into the hollow way that divides the summit of the Teton into two pinnacles, we had no difficulty in descending by the route fol- lowed by all previous climbers.
tr	9	Still it seemed to me that sane human beings were likely at this moment to be engaged in reconstructive work instead of wasting valuable time and energy in making useless aerial toys.
tr	9	They have forced the passage of laws which benefit their own class and discriminate against ours.
tr	9	I will hover over the field until you inform me that the terms of the surrender have been carried out and that the transports are ready to rise and that your garrison are gathered at the landing field.
tr	9	And to think that I was listening to music which had originated on Mars 60 million miles away!
tr	9	Each room connected with a bathroom, containing, among other appurtenances, a deep tub of some sort of stone with huge copper faucets of a peculiar design set in the wall above it.
tr	9	But all these things I learned little by little as I moved about, for in that first nest of the beings I learned very little.
tr	9	Suppose you conduct me to the lady that heals, to the end that I may have the source of my ailment disclosed."
tr	9	"For since bis instruments first received and re- corded that vibration, the weak reflected pulsings of the great ray.
tr	9	Suddenly he became conscious of a tall, gaunt figure on the other side of the hedge.
tr	9	The proportions of its body seemed slightly altered in a queer way impossible to describe, while its face had taken on an expression which no one ever saw in a woodchuck before.
tr	9	She evidently hoped to get out of sight of her pursuers long enough to turn about and, in these disguises, give them the slip.
tr	9	He simply fell into the hands of the Stellarites who brought this second missile to our globe!”
tr	9	The vessel was left several miles out at sea by its crew, who departed in tugs, watching in amazement while it was towed away by the sphere.
tr	9	The English Parlia- ment had been in the midst of a night session, voting on the appropriation of thirty million pounds for the construction of a new naval program.
tr	9	All the east coast of Florida, Southern Georgia, the Carolinas, Virginia, in rapid succession had seen the creeping, iridescent terror.
tr	9	For aerial craft, not counting their huge interspace tor- pedoes which were shot forth like a shell out of a gun, the Lunites had none, which was very fortunate for us.
tr	9	"They call me Olanda, daughter of Madga, Chief of the Valley.
tr	9	After countless failures, I finally succeeded in transmitting a live guinea pig through the atmosphere and “received” it, alive and well, in the corner of my laboratory.
tr	9	In a few moments the ground was as it had been before apparently, except that it seemed newly turned, and over it all there lay a white blanket of ice and snow.
tr	9	It was stated in the message that action was to be taken to prevent the turning over of the annual tribute to the Prags, and this statement accounted for the happiness of father and daughter.
tr	9	Yes, it was uni- versally admitted throughout the university that Stefen- son was, as a character, singular, and his actions strange.
tr	9	I thought little of the things the Colonel had demonstrated and less of the possibilities in his dis- covery, but a feeling of fear came over me and grew until I was absolutely unstrung.
tr	9	He knows there is no cause without ef- fect, or effect without a cause.
tr	9	He took to singing French chansons of a not very moral tendency.
tr	10	M y ever burning desire to forge ahead of the natural sequence of events and blurt forth in loud acclaim the many wonders of this newly discovered land, the United States, has been hard to withstand.
tr	10	The hold and lockers of our craft must have been completely crowded with the provisions taken from the grottoes of the Eyrie.
tr	10	Those going in the direc¬ tion of the cardinal points of the compass were two hundred feet wide.
tr	10	He can catch the smallest bug that ever crawled out of an atom and give it a name so long that a Polish wrestler, if he had to bear it, would break under the burden.
tr	10	The title will be “The revelations of Joseph Everett regarding the inner structure of the earth and its internal mechanism, with their possible relation to unexplained phenomena.”
tr	10	The tubes, hundreds of thousands of them, should be installed in the torpedo-bodied planes that are capable of flying into the rarest atmosphere.
tr	10	Studying it for a time I saw that the steering wheel caused the scene to shift to the right or left, while the larger of the handwheels caused the scene to tip up or down.
tr	10	Long and weary as my tramp across the plain had been, tenfold ■worse was the never ending upward climb towards the eloud-piercing summits of the mountains.
tr	10	Upon arriving at a point near the center of the mound, and two or three inches above the surrounding surface soil, we came upon a locality where all lines seemed to converge.
tr	10	Campo hesitated; but, seeing that he could he shot down, and finding a gleam of hope in Cosmo's words, he turned and came slowly down.
tr	10	But the Secret Service was loyal to its duties and President Haven felt certain of his safety from personal violence when he reached his own rooms, es- corted and guarded by nine members of the Depart- ment.
tr	10	High above us was the shaft, a jagged edge showing where a portion of the ledge had broken away.
tr	10	For an instant I thought of the snowy bowl of the vapor things, but this was different.
tr	10	There the bottom projec- toscope relays of all ships registered the wreck of the GK-984.- Teleprojectoscope views of the wreck and the bowl of the valley showed no evidence of the presence of tribesmen.
tr	10	“One day Tora came to John and invited him to at- tend a conference which was being held surreptitiously by some of the Ampu.
tr	10	"Theoretically, it is possible, but the main diffi- culty lies in the fact that once the sudden disintegra- tion is started, it will spread and the whole world will cease to exist.
tr	10	I hastily filled a box of this, and after replacing the concrete slab, returned to my room, where I proceeded to plant a variety of the seeds.
tr	10	“No,” Eve whispered, “but there are atavists to drag mankind backward to a point where it can get a fresh start.”
tr	10	“Now suppose I want to go in a fourth dimension in respect to the other three: Then what?” “Not so easily done, but altogether possible.
tr	10	The answer was that two liquids were made to react spontaneously and produce the gas, which was then projected as any other to the spot where needed.
tr	10	He said that the Ark was fast near the bow on a bed of shelly limestone.
tr	10	This much was known from the reports of soldiers that were patients in the hospital.
tr	10	It was several weeks after I had witnessed his amazing experiment with the bit of lead when Harvey rang my bell and announced that "Mr. Alexander" wished to see me at the Earl's Court house.
tr	10	Calamity Predicted if Caspian is Flooded Below we print the remarkable letter received from Professor Arnold Schreiner of the Spandau Astronomical Observatory.
tr	10	The night of that first day, I slept on a couch of dry grass in one of the grottoes of the Great Eyrie.
tr	10	And so compliments came in from all parts, and letters arrived in millions congratulating J. T. Mas- ton on having forgotten his three noughts!
tr	10	Of brain he had some, a great deal in fact compared to the size of his body, but it was in a queer place, none other than in the center of his body.
tr	10	The peculiar form of energy that was used in the atomic generators of Troyana, the scarcity of which was causing so much concern, was the comparatively common element, cobalt.
tr	10	He now acted in an unusual manner for janitors, for he carefully placed these treasures in a larger stamped envelope which he carried in an inside pocket of his vest.
tr	10	Tubby now found himself, after this episode on Mercury, somewhat more in the nature of leader of their enterprise than he had been before.
tr	10	I perceived that I was hungry, and prepared to clamber out of the hammock, which, very politely anticipating my in- tention, twisted round and deposited me upon all- fours on the floor.
tr	10	He had lost no time in reaching the scene; he had come prepared to make an exhaustive investigation and study of the largest aerolite that had struck the earth in many years — cen- turies probably.
tr	10	It was barely eight o’clock when he unlocked Box No. 470 and took out the big envelope mailed there from the underground ren¬ dezvous of the crime trust the night before.
tr	10	I have a sort of idea as to the cause of our sinking into the Fourth Dimension, and when that is verified, a corrective can be looked for and applied."
tr	10	They found the Pioneer reposing on the floOr of an- other huge cavern similar to the first.
tr	10	Till she gets here, sec what you can do in getting those first numbers before they roll off the end of the scroll.
tr	10	Before making any sug- gestions, I should like to hear from Captain Czuv, who is more familiar than we are with the common enemy.
tr	10	The streets were paved with a substance that re- sembled asphalt, except that it was of a dark green color.
tr	10	One of the tiny darts had struck him and for the first time in his life he knew pain, sharp agonizing pain that burned to the center of his being.
tr	10	If I had been able to swim, T could have made it easily, but I couldn’t swim, and drowning stared me in the face after breasting the terrors of interplanetary space.
tr	10	“He thought that the blue waters had been deprived of the myriads of animalcules and me- dusae — a class of zoophytes with which the green waters are loaded.
tr	10	If so, then even Larry would have to admit that here was something that theories of gases and luminous emanations would not explain and the first test of the whole amazing story would be passed.
tr	10	J in submitting his prize story, adopts a treatment entirely different from that of practically all the rest of the winners.
tr	10	It seems logi- cal that from now on, when a patient is about to be operated on for the removal of some part, a gland will first be transplanted to the patient.
tr	10	The famous American alienist who had voiced his opinion days before reiterated his belief that the minds of men were giving way en masse beneath the strain of modern civilization.
tr	10	But as it was still nearly two hours before noon we THE MAN WHO COULD VANISH 911 resumed our way, ■with Lemuel seeking new oppor- tunities to test his discovery on the public.
tr	10	The upper ends of the coil of revlis and the bar of nori are con¬ nected; the lower end of the mula coil is grounded.
tr	10	As Loalio said : "That is the reason why we devote all of our best energies to the development of the true love nature.
tr	10	That is to gather up every scrap of copper w'e have and try to pull ourselves far enough out of line so that we will take an hyperbolic orbit around that body instead of falling into it.”
tr	10	In fact I could scarcely convince myself that I had been walking on the opposite side of the room on the previous day.
tr	10	As the sun is so much larger than the earth, it was easy to hold the ship back enough to prevent any danger of striking the atmosphere at too great speed.
tr	10	It was encased in the gigantic rack like a torpedo in its tube, its blunt nose pointed toward the heavens.
tr	10	He kept on his way until he found the ante-room of the building in which Lothaire’s attendants were waiting.
tr	10	Our machine will 'land' on the water of the landlocked bay due south of your observatory, unless you inform us that it is inadvisable.
tr	10	Since I have been here in the hospital I have read many of your medical books, especially those telling of your won- derful operations.
tr	10	Quickly they called the others, and while Fuller was preparing the morning meal, Arcot left the car to speak to the officer in charge of the guard about the ship.
tr	10	Instantly the other dived, and came to the surface immediately below Seaton, who assisted him into the Skylark.
tr	10	Arrange them in patterns like the mosaic of our Temple of Venus and Roma!
tr	10	He returned, carrying two helmets which were designed to fit down over the heads of the wearers.
tr	10	She hovered over the two minarets of the Trocadero and the metal tower of the Champ de Mars, where the enor- mous reflector was inundating the whole capital with its electric rays.
tr	10	A LUNARIAN, preparing to leave, looked up from a rock he had been studying and stared straight into the grim glare of the gigantic saurian.
tr	10	There was no longer any use in planting and caring for food stuffs destined to become the nourishment of man's most deadly enemy.
tr	10	He is recognized as one of the ablest of the leaders of the Plutocracy.
tr	10	But Hector Ser- vadac, animated by the generous desire of rescuing a suffering feliow- creature, could scarcely be brought within the bounds of common sense.
tr	10	The sun of the Solar System —its planets quite invisible—had dwindled to one of the faintest of all the stars in that region.
tr	10	We had just finished our simple repast when I sensed something moving in the mouth of the shaft behind us.
tr	10	If the balloon had not carried the anchor several yards back from the edge it would have had no opportunity to catch another hold as it shot forward.
tr	10	There they hung, high in air, their mighty glow- ing spheres a magnificent sight, motionless, like some mighty menace that hangs, ever ready to fall in terrible doom on the victim beneath.
tr	10	Once more Dr. Hopkins took up his long neglected researches in quest of his beloved subject of atomic en- ergy.
tr	10	King and I could rule the earth with was built and set on top of the then wooded Television hand and eye, for, to repeat, we have sole possession of a Hill.
tr	10	I saw great patches of an ochre red scat- tered over the surface of the sphere and I had seen dark blue areas among the vast ochre patches.
tr	10	The only thing that we can do is to seem to enter heartily into Nashky's plans and hope that we can learn something worth com- municating and find a chance of doing it.
tr	10	This record was in the special secret file of first offenders who had pleaded guilty and waived public trial.
tr	10	General Novotny and his staff were quartered in one of the few mansions still left standing in the town, and their living was riotous and luxurious.
tr	10	But I do not think there was a man or woman in the building who was not convinced of the truth of all of them, and the utter hopelessness of our situation.
tr	10	But its mission of cosmic cross- fertilization, its parental influence in causing our sun to give birth to our family of planets was accomplished.
tr	10	First, every man who vanished belonged to the party of post- ponement — the minority party of the Fenachrone, who believe that the time for the Conquest has not yet come.
tr	10	A moment we stared toward him in sheer surprise, and then as one we were leaping toward the four big space- walkers, suspended from the flier's wall.
tr	10	Wearing the marvelous glasses, in order that I might not lose sight of my companion, who had rendered himself invisible, I hailed an approaching trolley car.
tr	10	"You're one of those infernal fools who think a black man isn't a human being," he said.
tr	10	How interesting to find a little one who could tell us hi.s recollections of the actual building of the pyramids !
tr	10	And yet I ought not to have been surprised, knowing the work he had done and the deadly horror of that underground world in which he had lived and toiled.
tr	10	"We'll wait a few minutes more, Bob," Joel answered, his eyes on the far horizon, where billows of jet black rolled across the face of the sun.
tr	10	My uncle fol- lowed, while the eider-duct hunter remained still, like a man above any childish sources of astonish- ment..
tr	10	To find Ajor in the unknown country to the north seemed rather hopeless; yet I could do no less than try, praying in the meanwhile that she would come through unscathed and in safety to her father.
tr	10	The item, in bad French, was a translation from the bad English of a New York newspaper telling of Weyl's departure for Madagascar.
tr	10	I remember once that he blew a steam whistle for ten days close to a rabbit’s ear, and then killed it and made microscopic sections to see the effects on the nerves of hearing.”
tr	10	CHAPTER VIII The Ppteetiye of Science THE morning of my arrival at Grand Teton station, on my return from the East, An- drew Hall met me with a warm greeting.
tr	10	They turned into the portal of a vast structure which stretched for thousands of feet along the street.
tr	10	Such a thing always was and always will be possible where there is intelli- gence to control and harness the forces that lie about us.
tr	11	“He is here and he has told of the plans which you broached to him to destroy Kalu and of how he fled from you when he learned of your baseness.
tr	11	Accuracy of alignment permits beam paths no thicker than the old lead pencils I used to use in the Twentieth Century.
tr	11	The net result of all his experimentation was that the extent to which the wad- sonium was affected was inversely proportionate to the square of the distance between it and the magnet.
tr	11	James could be sure of its presence ahead by means of the instruments which showed the presence of the strong electro-magnetic field that surrounded it.
tr	11	And if you do?" asked Mason, hanging on each word of the highly technical description of the Doctor's work. "
tr	11	The cool crisp atmosphere and the clearness of the skies in the prairie country, always seems to give one a feeling of exhilaration and well-being, which unfor- tunately disappears in the heat of the day.
tr	11	The words were gently spoken by Arthur Hovey, who sprawled lazily on a divan in his friend's luxuriously appointed apartment.
tr	11	So I went along by the side of it, and came to a corner and a rockwork that enabled me to get to the top and tumble into the garden I coveted.
tr	11	The secretary pressed his lips together, nodded disdainfully and without further remark looked away through the entrance into the diamond-like brilliance of tropical sunshine in mountainous regions.
tr	11	Naturally they pulled the bar of iron although separated by two heavy layers of wood, as there is no insulation which will stop magnetic waves, thus closing or opening the door at the will of the operator.
tr	11	The cylinder was at the base of the great air gun which gave the projectile an initial ve- locity of sixteen thousand five hundred feet per second.
tr	11	"Some surface ship dragged her anchor and pulled up one of those old, old cables — a relic of the days of wire communication.
tr	11	I was lying on a rude litter of boughs, borne on the shoulders of four men — not the men who had fought us in the little sandy valley, but men like myself.
tr	11	It operates on a band of frequencies lying between the longest light and heat waves and the shortest radio waves.
tr	11	A thousand faces turned to follow and a thousand throats uttered a gasp that swept through the building like the sighing of the wind.
tr	11	“You will continue to act as a houseboy in observance of your other duties,” he said.
tr	11	It was nearly dead calm when the voyagers first came in view of the coast, which was immediately recognized by both the seamen, and by Mr. Osborne.
tr	11	Then I laughed hoarsely, hysterically, as I thought of that other pledge I had given Ramon, of my promise to destroy all vestiges of the Manabinite.
tr	11	Apparently motionless, it was now a part of Cantrell’s Comet, traveling in a stupendous, elongated ellipse about the Master of our Solar System, the Sun.
tr	11	Instruments, boats, and equipment worth millions, besides most of the junk of the passengers — clothes, trunks, trinkets, and what-not.
tr	11	Let us keep open minds, and form our opinions solely on the THE TIME DEFLECTOR 809 basis of the evidence submitted for our consideration.
tr	11	The body was bloodless; the course of veins and arteries marked by faintly in¬ dented white furrows, as though their walls had long collapsed.
tr	11	And I believe I am justified in thinking that the mere fact that we cannot see an ant acting as foreman and directing the work, is no sign that such directing is not being done."
tr	11	The col- lege campus turned out to be a desperately contested battlefield between armed students inside of the build- ings and angry mobs seeking hiding and shelter.
tr	11	Again there was silence, but a silence that was dif- ferent — a living silence that was pregnant with a new- born hope.
tr	11	He lived alone with one servant, Fire-Fire, a name worthy of an artillery- man's valet.
tr	11	All day he had to control himself, in spite of his intense perception of the im- minent presence of that horrible head that was over- shadowing his mind.
tr	11	The month at Bermuda with Dr. Wentworth was a revelation to Tom, who had found little time for play in his life.
tr	11	Yes, we were indeed speeding and I wondered if our artificial wind was much less than that created by the great airship which passed, over us just then, "some 6000 feet in the clouds.
tr	11	“Walter came back — ” she broke off suddenly, her eyes staring over Trant’s shoulder at Siler, who had come to the doorway.
tr	11	Dr. Marlin had directed that construction, aided hy his assistant, young Randall, whom I had met for the first time and had found a sunny-haired fun-loving fellow of my own age.
tr	11	Steeper and steeper became the angle of the floor, and the company started to slide down, mixed 458 AMAZING STORIES with chairs and smoking stands, carpets, cushions, and miscellaneous other objects.
tr	11	The Colonel locked the control he had been moving, then stepped to the tube and adjusted the condenser mech- anism until the dog lay in the center of a green circle about ten feet in diameter.
tr	11	The fire beside me had sunk down, and only charred beams of timber glowing at the central ends and mixed with a grey ash of brushwood remained.
tr	11	"A date has been chosen for the discharge of the projectile, the date on which the shock would have its maximum of effect on the terrestrial spheroid.
tr	11	He fastened these together at each end and without a word secured one of the ends about the girl’s body beneath her arms.
tr	11	Everybody carried one, for the purpose of helping him- self to the unlimited stores of power constantly being broadcast into the air for public use.
tr	11	But I knew, if there was a grain of truth in the story that young woman on the stand was telling, the villain certainly could not be without interest in this inquest.
tr	11	These were controlled from the pilot cabin, whence the ionizers and generators for the current flowing through the wiring of the sphere were also regulated.
tr	11	The red mushrooms had continued to show their glistening heads, though Burl thought they were les3 numerous than in the territory from which the tribe had fled.
tr	11	The attendants were arguing with a disheveled young man who insisted upon being admitted to the presence of the great men within.
tr	11	Jacob Hubler looked more dignified than ever as he sat motionless except for the restless movement of his eagle eyes.
tr	11	Some curiously, others half pityingly, ag if thinking me either mad or intoxicated, while still others were grinning and thoroughly enjoying the spectacle of a man carrying on a conversation with himself.
tr	11	He would then pass down the Arabian Sea, swing round India, and Ceylon, and, by way of the Bay of Bengal and the plains of the Ganges and Brahmaputra, ap- proach the Himalayas.
tr	11	That is to say, the two planets in their perpetual journey- ing had assumed such a position as to be in one straight line with the Sun, the earth eclipsing the superior planet Mars.
tr	11	I managed to raise myself enough to see a group of men standing on the rim and blazing away with revolvers.
tr	11	Then I noticed something I had missed at the first glance, a small shutter at the top which evidently protected just such an observation point as I was in search of.
tr	11	Another thing, what hope would we have of finding our way through probably hundreds of miles of labyrinthine caves and tunnels without a guide?
tr	11	Let him dig till he scoops down the mountains and reaches his own country, which is the source of the Rio Infiernillo — he will never do it!”
tr	11	Otherwise the object would be to do as much damage as possible, and fade away into the forests if the Hans developed any real pressure with their new infantry and field batteries of rocket guns and disintegrator rays.
tr	11	When the copper refused to act as it had the night before they all took the snap judg- ment that he had suffered an attack of temporary in- sanity, and that the solution was worthless.
tr	11	Certainly, we are powerless to exert any influence upon the process within those mi- crocosms not yet known to us.
tr	11	The chances are that every nation has rocket-ships aloft now, smashing up every- body else on the off-chance that they’ll get the devils that started the whole thing. . . .”
tr	11	The idea is for each govern- ment here represented to control some commodity that is absolutely essential to American industry and then to boost the price to a figure so prohibitive as to provoke reprisals.
tr	11	“This ought to be about high enough to get us out of range of those blasted audio finders,’’ he grunted pres- ently.
tr	11	We are all human beings together, even if Cesare Ruano did not have the culture — ” The rather pointless proceedings were inter- rupted by a burst of snorting and braying from the corral.
tr	11	CHAPTER VII The Children of the Sun BUT the situation was too exciting to permit us to think long of the poor creatures whose deaths we had undoubtedly caused.
tr	11	It was believed that when the comet departed from the solar system, the mysterious acceleration of the earth’s speed would disappear also.
tr	11	Quite a number of people, who had been ex- pecting friends from places on the South -West era network, were standing about the station.
tr	11	But the pleasantries that would be showered on the un- happy calculator, the jokes that would rain on hi3 work— she would have spared him.
tr	11	However great was the distance that separated Gallia from the sun, it was after all manifestly insignificant in comparison with the remoteness of the nearest of the fixed stars.
tr	11	Oddly enough, they bore many resemblances to the algse or marine plants, and especially to those natural-history puzzles, the bryozoans and hydroids which seem to form connecting links between the animal and vegetable kingdoms.
tr	11	And half an hour later the shovel was working methodically, taking enormous bites out of the cut and precisely emptying each mouthful into one of the dirt cars waiting on the emergency track.
tr	11	Out of what was estimated to be a population of a hunderd and twenty millions in 1935, only seven millions were living in America when the ants turned north."
tr	11	Amid a crescendo of divine music, the amphitheatre scene melted out, as ice dissolves upon a window-pane under the genial warmth of a freshly-lighted fire.
tr	11	X pered Dr. Beardsley to me in the lobby of the Uni- versity Hospital where we met as agreed at three o’clock the following afternoon.
tr	11	That is to be expected from the generally-accepted idea that the ap- parent velocity of any ether vibration is independent of the velocity of either source or receiver.
tr	11	CHAPTER X The Explosion A FTER completing the formality of taking posses- sion of the moon, Professor Banning walked westward toward the great ray, which was but a short distance from the place where we had alighted.
tr	11	A song welled up from their midst, one of the soft harmonies of that petted and comfortable age.
tr	11	Therefore, to say that there is life only on the Earth, is not only idiotic in the extreme, but it also reveals a total lack of appreciation of the wisdom of Al- mighty Nature.
tr	11	I ejaculated, in- voluntarily glancing about as if expecting to see a burro of titanic proportions in the vicinity.
tr	11	This was the sound to which the Psychophonic Nurse had been attuned to react by movements resulting in a change of napkins.
tr	11	(In the rest of Vansom’s notes he has made too much of an effort to absolve himself from the blame he knows he merits; he cannot be relied upon for historical ac- curacy.
tr	11	And slowly, gradually, out of the mass of thoughts, conjec- tures, reasoning, facts, data and theories, certain un- deniable truths emerged.
tr	11	When we ate it we found it was somewhat like ice cream, flavored with something that tasted like sweetened cinnamon.
tr	11	I have examined them in every way, chemically and microscopically and they are just peculiarly shaped masses of dough animated by some very active yeast Their movements resemble dough overflow-
tr	11	And the great biologist's expectations might indeed have found justification, had it not been for the catastrophe that frustrated his years of effort in one hour and flung open a Pandora's box upon the world.
tr	11	Caste has been too well instilled into our souls for us to dare touch the person born into higher estate than our own.
tr	11	That's the best picture I can give you of the man who went into his laboratory with his secretary on the 14th of October, 1926, and never came out again !
tr	11	the idea of the prism having the power to reduce an object to infinitesimal size did not, once the first surprise was over, seem either pre- posterous or miraculous.
tr	11	I was also aware of the fact that the sending ap- paratus of the Toreador’s wireless equipment was sealed, and that it would only be used in event of dire necessity.
tr	11	Then I tried desperately to think of some means of counteracting or arresting the influence of the Transite.
tr	11	For a minute there was a rough and tumble combat which the old man terminated by pulling the two apart ^TORIES of the far distant future are generally very in^ teresting and always compel our attention.
tr	11	The savage and the child are most often content to ohserve without comment, unless the legends told by wise folk who are possesed by the itch of knowledge are repeated to them.- Burl watched for a long time.
tr	11	To-day the water was lapping over these piers long since desert- ed in favor of Lake Washington, where the huge helicopters came and went in a never ending proces- sion.
tr	11	In spite of their efforts to conceal the activity of their new assistant, the news spread through the little town.
tr	11	I hesitated, balanced between zeal for my paper and desire not to annoy this charming chap who very evidently had trouble enough at present.
tr	11	We ran as fast as we could around the lower end of the harbor, scrambled up the cliffs and at last stood upon their summit in full view of the lake.
tr	11	“And it’s bad — I’ll read it to you, decoded: ‘Group of fifty French prisoners held in Sun Yat-Sen University laboratories.
tr	11	Cooler, longer nights soon came as harbingers of a mountain winter, when the boreal gods would vent their pent-up furies on the white-clad earth below.
tr	12	Dimly it must have found out that the nurse had certain limitations, for it began to learn to always return to its correct position in the middle of the crib.
tr	12	The apparatus had been built with part of Thon Ahrora’s share of the trea- sure of diamond tokens, which Dick had forced her to accept, in the end.
tr	12	I was delayed tonight because of my late dis- THE SECRET KINGDOM 739 co very of this place, along with the fact that I had to be so cautious about getting it ready for you.
tr	12	A mo- ment later, the front door opened again and ad- mitted — as Trant felt from the effect of the first tone which reached the boy waiting at his side— Eva Silber.
tr	12	W OULD that I could express the emotion that we felt as we watched that tragic flow of homeless people out of the shattered beauty of that great city !
tr	12	To the green hills covered with trees and shrubs there succeeded long gray undula- tions draped like the folds of an Arab burnous and broken in picturesque masses.
tr	12	272 AMAZING STORIES “What he said was this : ‘Whenever zve observe any- thing closely enough to discover the zvorkings of lazv therein, that thing, even though it be repulsive, becomes to us beautiful !
tr	12	By similar processes it might be that we could contrive to reduce ourselves to the dimensions necessary for life on our newly found electron world."
tr	12	At the base it was about fifty feet square to a height of nearly a hundred feet, from which point it spread up and out and seemed to lie on the side of a sloping cliff.
tr	12	His talk with the physician awakened in him a desire : to know all about himself and the world into which he had been so suddenly projected.
tr	12	“The idea delighted John and he at once called Puleb- sus over and explained to the patriarch that within their own experience was a parallel to what had happened to us.
tr	12	This light was free, clean, beautiful, vibrant with pure life, whetting the senses and cleansing the mind of the ugly darknesses that lurk in its hidden corners.
tr	12	As they stared out into the infinitj' each felt as never before the pitiful smallness of even our yvhole solar system and the utter insignificance of human beings and their yvorks.
tr	12	There, the glass has been shattered and the culture is exposed to air which is free of dust and in consequence sterile of bacterial life.”
tr	12	"Where extermination had stared the Martians in the face on account of their constantly decreasing water supply, the new atomic engines, combined with the con- quering of gravity, dispelled all fears for the future.
tr	12	“I have knocked around Central America a little and it’s no place for a man to start trouble unless he’s willing to go with his life in his hands most of the time.
tr	12	I asked them what they had eaten, and found they had eaten nothing other than the food cooked for all of us.
tr	12	Then it was that a new face became associated with his visions — a face angelic by contrast with the bestial visage that so long had menaced him.
tr	12	The shrunken head-armor of a beetle, the fierce jaws pi a cricket — the pitiful shreds of a hundred crea- tures that had formed forgotten meals for the bloated insect within the home.
tr	12	Finally I chose a nose of the better type, slightly grotesque, but not more so than that of many human beings, dark glasses, grayish whiskers, and a wig.
tr	12	And then with a hiss, with the suddenness and force of an explosion, a mighty stream of water issued from the overhead nozzle and struck the counter just in front of Schmaltz.
tr	12	We finally passed a part of the wildly mountainous country which began to be lit by the blue sun on one side and the orange on the other.
tr	12	That no such theory was ad- vanced was doubtless due to the fact that this new ray, discovered by Mr. Henderson, acts only upon the brain and leaves no trace that is discernible to the naked eye.
tr	12	Just as the edge of the platform, which was really the lowered hatch of the ship’s door, began to rise, he stepped up on it.
tr	12	Moura left the room for a moment and came back bearing a tray of several dishes filled with a golden, thickish food.
tr	12	With great rapidity the scenes shifted, outlining in rapid succession an entire continent and picturing city after city similar to the one they had first seen.
tr	12	The prince suggested that if we were each lodged in separate homes, we could become more proficient in the language and customs of the Atlantians, who were very proud of their progress.
tr	12	She seemed to skim the placid surface of the sea, which lay glistening in the sun- shine about a hundred feet beneath.
tr	12	She was white and beautiful with brown hair that had been allowed to grow and fall about her shoulders.
tr	12	This would account for the fact that you didn’t find any evi- dence of moisture on Steele’s bed, which would have been the case if ordinary ice had been used instead of thin dry ice.
tr	12	The scientist was well, it seemed, and wished to in- form his friend that powerful forces were at work which would eventually bring about their release from Pra and their return to Els.
tr	12	It is this, this supposed idealistic sort of life of these beings that made me so heartily sick of my existence among them.
tr	12	Tubby glared through the blue haze of the tobacco smoke that hung like a pall about the unventilated room.
tr	12	If any of them live they will undoubtedly hold Valeri as a hostage pending the release and delivery here of the poor devils under the concrete !”
tr	12	for with the passing of sex "the need for clothing had ceased to exist, and the man swathed in a long, black robe, such as those used to cover the infirmities of the aged.
tr	12	Nearly everyone agreed that it was an unique advertising scheme perpetrated by some manufacturer who had a new form of brakes to sell.
tr	12	"But — " he moved quickly to a chair, seated himself at his littered desk and reached for a sheet of paper, a pencil and a map that I had noticed lying open on tire desk.
tr	12	VOICE FROM THE INNER WORLD for I felt sure that the meteor had exploded close to the ship and had released vast quantities of poi¬ sonous gases which might hang about for a long time.
tr	12	For the first time I now observed a number of cages similar to those found in bird and animal stores.
tr	12	The earth’s rota- tion had ceased entirely, and it hung motionless in the sky as it revolved around its solar parent, its orbit slowly but surely cutting in towards the great body of the sun.
tr	12	Now, that problem was either predicated by us, or by some other person, who has thereby made the great- est of all modern discoveries in mathematical as- tronomy.
tr	12	Benjamin Shapley had ceased frowning and his cheeks had resumed their normal hue, which was something short of the purple of imminent apoplexy.
tr	12	“Perhaps they’re under the mattress,” Pryor said solemnly, and forthwith proceeded to lift up one end of the mattress and to make a thorough examination of the springs near the head of the bed.
tr	12	cried every one, and there was a rush at the fluttering white shirt, which was now all that was visible of the stranger.
tr	12	The upper two stories were in reality three separate buildings, the larger one in the middle being connected by short hallways with the smaller ones on either side of it.
tr	12	Then we went to the tuberers, where I was given one of the tubes and the dependent plate which would enable me to go through the air as did the other Merno- sians.
tr	12	At least that was what Nash called it, though as a matter of fact it combined the functions of reading room, laboratory, workshop and quite frequently dining-room and sleeping quarters.
tr	12	It was an orange world that we now rapidly lowered ourselves upon, hovering sometimes and again seeming to waver along sideways as if seeking a par- ticular spot which the engineer had admired during a previous visit.
tr	12	A misty arm shot forth from the body of cloud that bore us, and caressed a squat black block, set with little red cups, that lay beside the gaping pit from which the shaft sprung.
tr	12	It looks as if some giant had pressed his thumb down there, but what kind of a being could have sufficient strength to break the neck of a burly man with the pressure of a thumb?"
tr	12	For the long unswerving straight lines which we see are part of the canals bringing the water down from the poles to the desert land, there to irrigate it.
tr	12	Each had an enormous, torpedo-shaped body, with scores of prodigiously long tentacles like those of a devil-fish and a dozen or more great, soaring wings.
tr	12	That is true, even, of the individual cells in the human body, which are immortal when grown in cultures outside the body.
tr	12	I have been reading a lot of the history of the thing and I was just fortunate enough to be able to find some real old books and take them out of the Congressional Library.
tr	12	“Hard as it is to spy about, I did manage to discover one of the reasons for the weakening of the racial strength of the Tels.
tr	12	Day by day the operatives became more expert and it was soon possible to have the messages decoded, translated and ready for the news broadcasts within one hour after their reception.
tr	12	And so he had— for just as I caught sight of a paper propped against the lamp on the library table, I heard, or thought I heard, his voice as from far off.
tr	12	He had four huge hogsheads of fresh water for slacking his thirst and for the radiator of his gas engine with which he expected occasionally to charge the bank of storage batteries he had brought along.
tr	12	As to myself, I probably became interested in more of the sciences than all three of my buddies put together —navigation included.
tr	12	It may be that he deserved to be; but I still think that the tepid support of his fellow-investigators and his desertion by the great body of scientific workers was a shameful thing.
tr	12	The last was said in a jocose strain, but I saw Uncle Ezra enjoyed the thought that he was the discoverer of a life that was to bear his name.
tr	12	I am confident that we shall discover some means of prolonging the virility of the alpha-luciferin in- jection beyond its present short life of only a few hours.
tr	12	There were mountains that looked to my amazed eyesight as lofty and massive as Mont Blanc, com- posed all of crystalline ice, refracting and reflecting the sunbeams with iridescent splendor!
tr	12	It was that of an elderly man of the same general type as Nahum and wearing a robe with a blue border, girded high on his leather covered thighs for ease in going through the jungle.
tr	12	Their nodding white flowers with four petals in the form of a cross glowed against the yellowish-green leaves.
tr	12	“It is perhaps five million miles in width and fully that many miles deep, according to the evidences of my year’s survey through telescopic photography of the drift of meteorites.
tr	12	It was with dropping spirits that they determined each time that sounds came only from the Janosian flyer, which was being tuned for the take-off.
tr	12	It is too incredible, too ridiculous to pass as anything more than fiction or the ramblings of a disordered mind.
tr	12	Puffing and panting, we plodded on until within about a mile of the harbor we came upon a sight that brought us all up standing.
tr	12	Then he bent, whispered something to a burly attend- ant beside him, who bellowed his message out in the di- rection of the three by the black table.
tr	12	“I have never seen it ; but often I have heard them speak of it — a corridor that runs beside the river from one end of the city to the other.
tr	12	It has big ware- houses at the docks with millions of dollars' worth of goods stored in them.
tr	12	Ice- bergs seemed to surge from all ppints of the horizon, and the brig found herself wedged in among a crowd of moving bergs, which might crush her at any mo- ment.
tr	12	I was escorted down to a little hut, furnished with some attempt at European style, where I found Has- combe.
tr	12	They were there two days ago, according to the testimony of Arthur Garner, the guard, who has been a trusted employee of the Javis family for forty years.
tr	12	Evidently the Gulf of Mexico would be emptied to form a huge territory of the Antilles, which the Mexicans and Americans might claim in accordance with the Monroe Doctrine.
tr	12	He kept on increasing his magnifying power till it was possible for us to actually see people walk in the streets as plainly as if they had been seen from the top of a skyscraper!
tr	12	Pumps worked day and night and ditches were dug to the rim to aid in drawing the water that filled the depression to a depth of twenty feet.
tr	12	It must be remembered that the planet was fast losing its water supply and that the first thing to do was to continue the operation of the vast works already constructed to conserve the planet's vital fluid.
tr	12	Interesting as those details are, we are mainly con- cerned just now with the safe return of the explorers and their incalculable amount of scientific data and dis- coveries.
tr	12	I set to work to test the effects of energies of various wave lengths on metals and other substances.
tr	12	This I can't read myself, and I rather hesitate about putting it in the hands of any one on board who can."
tr	12	ed appeal for an after supper stroll for Mason who contented himself with sitting in the "parlor" with hi3 boat.
tr	12	Later researches by competent clinicians on space-trips have demonstrated that space-sickness is due to the re- moval of the effects of gravity from the fluid in the semi- circular canals of the inner ear.
tr	12	A giant deep sea creature with armored sides and staring eyes that waved at the ends of long tentacles slithered over the forward deck and was gone.
tr	12	In a lengthy treatise, which covers the subject exhaustively, he contends that the seed of disaster must have been sown on the occasion of the visit of the delegation from the University of Bristol. . . .
tr	12	Supervision over this large health plant, which occupied several floors of one of the large office buildings, was a man’s full-sized job.
tr	12	In the late hours of the night he has worked at this transmitter, sending forth impulses which reached your brain where you lay sleeping in your apartment, a few blocks away.
tr	12	This advertisement is the one tan- gible piece of evidence of the amazing and inex- plicable influence possessed by the “hammering man” over my fiancee, Miss Eva Silber.
tr	12	Soo stared down at the ground, wondering whether he should run for it the moment the light passed, or attempt to work his way into the man’s con- fidence.
va	5	Josef had reasoned that every material known has a so-called period of vibration.
va	5	“It may come to you suddenly, when you least expect it.”
va	5	"But who," said Clawbonny, "would not give all the tables and dining-rooms in the world to dine at 89* 59' and 15" N. latitude?"
va	5	Accordingly, most sensible people looked upon the New Zealand despatch as a hoax.
va	5	Al- though the dog had been in the future but a week, ac-
va	5	If Ripac would only come out of hiding, or at least make his whereabouts known 1
va	5	Long I sat, discouraged and desperate, with bitter thoughts, and Jack lying there before me.
va	5	Some one was coming toward me and I looked for a hiding place.
va	5	The pupils of the staring eyes contracted.
va	5	New Evils IN the morning such tubes as were ready were opened for service.
va	5	“Well, after that mental strain, I guess I’ll be excused,” said Janet.
va	5	Gray summit after gray summit was overtaken by the blaze, and turned to a smoking white intensity.
va	5	It gave the impression of vast depth.
va	5	But the char¬ acter of the man does not lend itself to any such theory.
va	5	Quickly I threw my rifle to my shoulder and fired at the nearest man.
va	6	Can this unknown he already some dangerous criminal who, thanks to his machine, hopes to defy all pursuit?"
va	6	A drowsy murmur rose in the crowd, but the effort proved too much for them, and soon their voices (lied away.
va	6	He owed his life to the man he hated the most.
va	6	A glow from the ground-glass screen guided me back to where Emil sat.
va	6	There was a swish, a bump, a sharp command.
va	6	It was three days before he was about again, feeling very shaky on his legs.
va	6	Their legs swollen to an enormous size, and covered with large dark-blue spots ; their gums bleeding, and lips so tumid, that articulation was almost impossible.
va	6	You say you value this opportunity because it brings a certain day nearer.
va	6	"The Fads in the Case of M. ValdemaT." by Edgar Allan Poe.
va	6	If we only knew more about that or even its theory we might perhaps reconstruct the THE MAN WHO SAVED THE EARTH 89 ■work of Charley Huyck and Dr. Robold.
va	6	Her distance, measured in etheric wave terms, was six minutes.
va	6	Then he attended to divers house- keeping matters.
va	6	The pavilions and dry beds of lakes still remained, and the trees, too, but the latter were crumbling dead mummies devoid of life.
va	6	The others looked at one another and at the enthusiastic scientist in utter amazement.
va	6	You can do that with a perfectly thin and flat thing, of course.
va	7	“It was real, and not a higher development of hypno- tism, as at first I thought it must be,” he reported se- riously.
va	7	“I had forgotten—for those new to it the way is a weary one, indeed—” She ran to the doorway, whistled a clear high note down the passage.
va	7	Inside the magazine of Nashky's ship is a shell that looks just like his solvite shells, but it is full of radite.
va	7	With a wonderful death-dealing Heat-Ray and by generating black smoke, the Martians begin systematic- ally to ruin all things made by mam— houses, villages, and even London itself.
va	7	If it had listened to him, it would now be six centuries further along the path of civilization,” “Yes?”
va	7	Small wonder there was too, for the three had slept only in brief snatches during the preceding five days.
va	7	Murtha had no friends ■ — he was not a man who could or would undertake the ordinary human relations.
va	7	The man who occupied one of the center thrones rose and spoke to me.
va	7	"Ber nere," he leughij^ig, "a geyser like those common in Iceland, said, ..vJets like this are the great wonders of the country."
va	7	Like Bradley he was garbed after the fashion of the surrounding warriors; but there was a subtle difference between him and his companion.
va	7	He now began his prepara- tions for the journey to the other side.
va	7	Two street cars, not being able to hear warning bells, collided and made a sort of snag in the rushing torrent.
va	7	The Japanese and British ships of the China squa- dron were ordered to cover the north and Asian coast line.
va	7	So rapid were her movements, and so unexpected her presence, that I gained only an indistinct impression of her appearance.
va	7	We’re going to take that ship, fellows, and learn a lot of stuff we never dreamed of before.
va	8	They have accomplished one of the greatest feats of precise, scientific engineering ever attempted.
va	8	Even though weakened by passing through the wall, the effect of the rays is cumulative and therefore a long time could be taken before the burns became fatal.
va	8	“You are righ't, Johnson; and if we want to be at Cape Farewell by the 20th of April, we must put on steam, or we shall be dashed against the coast of Labrador.
va	8	If they don't care and maintain," he said, giving me a hard look, "that million and a half is to go to the Home for Flea- Bitten Dogs."
va	8	A clock on Picadilly registered four o'clock less three minutes and I knew then that Captain Judson had saved the $50,000.00 guarantee and the crew of the Bristol as well.
va	8	What gets me though, is that whoever done it would tackle old Jim right out in the middle of a field.
va	8	Lowell, of course, was right when he stated that the Alartian Canals were immense artificial waterways, crisscross- ing the face of the thirsting planet.
va	8	The sigh of the escaping air from the little banker as the three hundred and fifty pounds abruptly sat on his stomach, could be heard even through the thundering and hissing of the water.
va	8	The doctor here took a sheet of paper and hastily made a sketch which he showed to the jurors and the coroner.
va	8	Little more remains to be said by way of introduc- tion.
va	8	It was my landlord with threats and inquiries, an old Polish Jew in a long gray coat and greasy slippers.
va	8	When I announced to him that I was preparing to spend the summer taking post-graduate work in psychology, he protested.
va	8	Eudena thought of going back to the squatting-place; she let herself down some way, and then the fear of the Terror of the Woodshade came again.
va	8	I gathered, half hearing, that when Priestley came to with the unrecognized name on his lips, the click- ing of the telephone instrument had ceased.
va	8	heen dc-: vised to mark the hour for that change, a signal which consisted of a brilliant band of intense light, that passed swiftly around both Triton's dark and sunward sides.
va	9	It was but a few minutes* work to find the image of the distant city, then rapidly the mountains swept across the screen under the guiding hands of Hastings and Jensen.
va	9	There was no chance for resistance on the creature's part.
va	9	Suddenly Lloyd passed to the instrument wall and I saw him working with the valves that controlled the air supply within the car.
va	9	By signs, I finally made the terror-stricken savages understand that I wished to know the whereabouts of my ether ship.
va	9	From moment to moment more cars ar- rived, some of them single passenger, others big ma- chines bearing scores of persons.
va	9	He paused, while in retrospection his mind’s eye saw the immobile form of that earthly maiden with her interminable smile.
va	9	I found that I was able to focus the effect of this current on a definite area in the tissues.
va	9	The boats too were objects of great curiosity to the gaping crowd that hung about the New Prince’s Docks.
va	9	Miles behind a terror- stricken lad lay sobbing With disuse came atrophy: with atrophy came pro- gressive and definite changes in the shapes of man- kind : with these changes came new' conceptions of beauty- feminine.
va	9	The sun was but midway toward the zenith, so it could scarcely be more than seven or eight hours since the moment when the “Terror” had darted from Black Rock Creek.
va	9	Thence perhaps a climb might be found to take him up to the precipice that came below the snow ; and if that chimney failed, then another far- ther to the east might serve bis purpose better.
va	9	Just because the fellow is a German we shall not be justified in treating him in German fashion.
va	9	The remainder were so stunned by the un¬ believable events of the attack that they had no initiative, but were willing to follow wherever the more valiant spirits led.
va	9	He swept the shell around the pier, opened a wide plaza paved with the volcanic glass, but black as that down which we had sped from the chamber of the Moon Pool.
va	9	Our experiences were very enjoyable, as, in a Troglodyte vessel, we soared over the Andes and over the boundless wastes of the Amazon hinter- land.
va	10	Earth is held in an intangible but powerful grip by the malignant planet, held as a shield between him and the flaming sun.
va	10	The signed statement of Professor Beardsley, the canceled check for fifty thousand dol- lars, and the headless body — preserved no doubt by Dr. Leeson for just such an emergency — were offered as evidence.
va	10	Hatteras seized the opportunity and went out silently to take the altitude of some stars of the great constella- tions.
va	10	Why, at the point in its path closest to the earth.
va	10	But now, at this final revelation of the character of his lovely lady of Tantalus and this decided setback to his romance, he arose and went abruptly to his room and closed the door.
va	10	There was a blind¬ ing flash of the violet light and a scream of agony from one of the men who was not instantaneously annihilated.
va	10	As his private secretary and pupil, Randolph S. Forbes was subjected to endless questioning from the professor’s many friends in the scientific and social worlds.
va	10	Such setbacks had become so numer¬ ous as to be expected as part of the day’s work; they no longer caused exasperation or annoyance.
va	10	I’ll invite you both to the test, and if I’m not terribly mistaken, we’ll have the supreme satisfaction of seeing some of these unwelcome visitors go tearing back to their senders.”
va	10	This invention had been 932 AMAZING STORIES made possible by the discovery and use of a substance similar to glass, 3'et pliable like rubber.
va	10	But such w'as the state of ignorance of the strange people in this very strange land.
va	10	The people, mute with horror, gazed breathlessly ; they were seized with that sort of fear which presses on the chest and grips the legs when we see any- one fall from a height.
va	10	It was grassed over, but the face of the cliffs that stood about the semi- circle was still almost fresh-looking and white as on the day when the rock must have broken and slid down.
va	10	He looked about him, somewhat disappointed, then disconsolately walked over to Broadway, where he stopped to buy a paper before hailing a taxi.
va	10	No sooner had this expedition begun to dredge, than they fished from the bottom of the ocean, a most astounding specimen of deep sea fish, built on a plan to with- stand enormous pressures.
va	11	There is nothing here to attract anyone, for we have been careful to eradicate the rubber trees for a belt of one hundred miles on the outer edge.
va	11	Eight cylindrical protuberances were affixed to the base while the four sides were equipped with fins, such as are seen on aerial bombs to guide them in a direct, unswerving line through the atmosphere.
va	11	So quickly was the thing done and so quick the withdrawal that Olson had wheeled to take on another adversary before the German’s corpse had toppled to the ground.
va	11	There was a discussion in the garden in which Dana Gleason, a handsome matron with but a faint show of gray in her black hair, was apparently the leading factor.
va	11	With his curiosity now thoroughly aroused, and more intent on solving the puzzle which confronted him than on proving his scientific theories.
va	11	The shores be- came indefinite, and the river merged itself into a swamp, a vast swamp from which a continual mut- tering came which the tribesmen heard for a long time before they saw the swamp itself.
va	11	The other gave forth a thick, vis- cons white liquid, which we recognized rifrer a time-as a liquefied preparation of the while vegetables and fruits we had seeu grown so rapidly.
va	11	By the time the main fleet had arrived, it came unat- tended, for the last of the mighty fleet of two hundred million torpedo- ships had been turned to impalpable dust, floating in space.
va	11	No ship can land there except on the one day a month when the generators are silent for an hour to allow supplies to be landed.”
va	11	How the ancient artizans coated the baser metals with gold was a mystery, and Ramon was almost as deeply interested in solving this riddle as in his quest for his theoretical lens.
va	11	And as Trant had adjusted around this drum a strip of smoked paper, the stylus point traced on its sooty surface a continuous wavy line which rose and fell with each beat of the psycho- logist’s pulse.
va	11	The floor is now," he went on in a tone of a lecturer explaining some wonder of na- ture, "still wet, but
va	11	Every time any of the lugubri- ous groanings which were to be distinguished in the hollows around fell upon my ears, I fancied I heard the distant murmur of the great cities above my head.
va	11	Never have I seen such mad driving and the worst traffic jams of New York's thoroughfares are nothing compared with the congestion here in this metropolis of this strange land.
va	11	The weather wa3 still superb, and Cosmo was very desirous of getting a line on the present height of the water.
va	12	I know the machinery of the organization from A to Z. I have in my pos- session a complete list of the members and records of every order you have issued for a year back.
va	12	The light flickered on the gray face of a man in uniform, who had lain there for two centuries in a state of suspended animation.
va	12	The aged German savant had broken his foot, while attempting to carry a part of a very ancient cannon out of a very deep ex- cavation.
va	12	I had anticipated that it would be necessary to spend several days rigging steel cables under the Shah in order to provide a cradle to support the immense weight of the vessel.
va	12	For there remains the possibility of unsuspected factors, which, although resulting in phenomena that would warrant the con- clusions of science, yet not being considered in their calcula- tions would inevitably lead to a false conclusion.
va	12	There was not a strut or a guy wire to mar the symmetry of the whole or to destroy the impres- sion of indestructible rigidity presented by the sleek craft.
va	12	But the year 2300 dawned with a fairly fluent com- munication going on with Mars, Venus, four of Jupiter’s moons and one of Saturn’s, and an unsolved mystery with regard to Neptune.
va	12	I amused myself, too, by decorating the island with designs worked in sea-urchins and fancy shells of various kinds.
va	12	1 THINK that in course of time he would have gotten over it, but for an incident during our graduate year, which threw him back hard upon his hobby for an interest to keep on living by.
va	12	By a systematic course of warfare the bulk of the birds were all expelled, with the exception of about a hundred, which began to build in the crev- ices of the rocks.
va	12	What you call a ceremony is a form of words designed to make the listeners believe a falsehood or else to impress upon them something they are not sure of.
va	12	In the second place, I would say because of the interest which it takes in such things as microscopes, astronomy charts, calculus questions and my poor drawings of Nova Persei.”
va	12	It was the invention of the neutralizing wall that had prolonged the war and postponed the victory which had at first seemed so imminent for the Asiatics.
va	12	Once it sliced across beneath us, not more than a hundred feet, and we dropped with a jar into the pocket formed by the destruction of the air.
va	12	I had no thought that I had been unconscious more than a few hours, although it seems that the radioactive gas had kept me in a state of suspended animation for something like 500 years.
te	5	“I believe you have the ability and the will.
te	5	We were returning to the bungalow for tea, and on the way he fell humming.
te	5	He put this in his pocket, and began to feel about him.
te	5	When that time comes, the Zoromes will find a new planet on which to live.
te	5	Had he been young, possibly I would not have been quite so sym- pathetic.
te	5	That was a most important mat- ter to settle, and Doctor Farnham immediately pro- ceeded to settle it.
te	5	"But at once, me excellent man o’ wisdom, a number occur to me.
te	5	“Impossible,” replied the doctor, “in our present state of knowledge.
te	5	When .Seaton and Crane learn of the explosion, they con-
te	5	“He is head¬ man of all the Akka."
te	5	There is no light after dark there, and I have heard tell of robbers.
te	5	People went visiting and the rail- ways ran excursions.
te	5	I’m sure we didn’t turn completely about.
te	5	The waves ran along at about eighty feet from one another, tracing two furrows of light.
te	5	I tried to reach the switch with my rod
te	5	At the moment, the population of Timbuctoo were crowding into the squares and roads and the terraces built like amphitheaters.
te	5	They wanted a light railing put up, and help to keep the people back.
te	5	R AMON roared with almost hysterical laughter.
te	5	Moreover, Amer- ica, it is known, is fairly honeycombed with caverns, some of enormous extent.
te	5	“We have enough of this metal with us so that we can spare you some as well as not.
te	5	I thought of releasing my inertron belt, but doubted whether this would be enough.
te	5	The noise of the pursuing Selenites had died away al- together.
te	5	Assuredly the letter came from a jester or a madman; and I need not worry over it, nor even consider it.
te	5	On her face was naught of fear; only a great wonder rested there.
te	5	At a very low level we came upon a great open place.
te	5	This was the moment for which I had been wait- ing.
te	5	“Not on fifth-order stuff — it’s new, you know.
te	5	A buzzing sound that was almost a mechanical sigh came from behind me and the tall, three-legged walker that had faithfully served us so far, gave up the ghost and stood still.
te	5	The sergeant was on his feet looking very stern and officious and all.
te	5	Such a hot summer was absolutely unprecedented ; indeed it was almost unbearable.
te	5	He was about to speak, and checked himself.
te	5	They sailed through the air like arrows, the buoys trailing behind.
te	5	Some of our deepest thinkers believe that it is not only possible, but most probable, that this may happen, ar pos- sibly has happened in the past.
te	5	Down the cliffs was a scrub of birches and there were many- birds there.
te	5	“Hold tight, Ilga,” he cried and thrust fhe lever con- trolling his elevating fans forward to maximum.
te	5	A dull, red glow poured through the port-hole, lighting up the interior with a weird, bloody reflection.
te	5	Then come and take the revolvers."
te	5	"Yes," said the captain, "that is always their failing."
te	5	Bell wrenched one of his arms free and with his liberated fist struck the other guard to the floor.
te	5	He was a scientist, a planner, not a diplomat.
te	5	When the ship came in sight, I walked slowly out into the open and stood quietly awaiting its approach.
te	5	Some reckless driver might come along and I should never forgive myself if anything serious happened.
te	5	Thin as it seemed to be, it should have been silvery from the moonlight, but the slty was noticeably darker where it moved.
te	5	The protesting, wheedling noises from the diaphragm only increased his rage.
te	5	EACH time they talked the thing seemed more possible and more desirable to them.
te	6	“That is not the only trouble with you my boy.
te	6	This was the Secretary of Terrestrial Sci- entific Research, whose features were at once recog- nized by all present.
te	6	Even with those shooting things they might make it bad for us. . . .
te	6	He is growing more of a miser all the time.
te	6	It was a thing of graceful beauty here even as it rested on the ground, its long curving streamlines giving it wonderful grace.
te	6	The sky was magnificent ; the atmosphere extremely clear, and the temperature very low.
te	6	It was somewhat larger than it was yesterday and appeared to be sepa- rated from the satellite.
te	6	Two great tears rolled from the golden eyes of Lakla.
te	6	“Damn it !” said Mr. Henfrey to himself, trudging down the village through the falling snow, “a man must do a clock at times, sure-/y.”
te	6	But, when I press down this red key—each bank has one, you see—then the face becomes neutral to gravity.
te	6	The damage to the door was trivial and Fenner set about making the few necessary repairs.
te	6	"I sent Miss Stimson home about an hour ago," said Fleckner.
te	6	I nodded eager agreement and he gripped me by the right arm while someone else took me by the left and led me forward.
te	6	“And what distance are we from the nearest sea to the east ?” “About six hundred miles.”
te	6	Certainly, if I actually passed through the places I have mentioned, then I should have knowledge of events transpiring there.
te	6	What would your mammon say if she were alive?" "Father, don't be silly," Theda reasoned with the old man.
te	6	They check any incipient disposition to other pursuits, they encourage his mathematical bias with a perfect psychological skill.
te	6	Mr. Marvel’s face assumed a grayish tint between the ruddier patches.
te	6	It rose square out of the ob- servatory, and to Winters it gave an impression of a strange gun, or some implement for sighting.
te	6	"If she loves him," insisted the other voice, still patient, wearier still, "there are plenty of other women.
te	6	Through the side window of the instrument room, the dim face of the huge rocky wall slid swiftly up¬ ward, as though the vehicle were a silently dropping elevator car.
te	6	The spirit of the explorer had taken possession of Oltor, and he was determined to visit Venus, that planet of the impenetrable atmosphere.
te	6	‘‘Remote control,” decided Wentworth, “being run from another place.
te	6	They had twenty billions to back them up, and they had the resources of three planets.
te	6	But in their struggle for existence they have no time to give to science; hence they are fast deteriorating into savagery.”
te	6	“And here’s a ntJte made some days later : “ ‘Saw it for first time today, during shoncr.
te	6	Moura’s words had caused her some disquietude, and she could not shake off the vague doubts and restlessness that had crept over her.
te	6	It seemed that there was some difficulty with the apparatus being erected and they saw that the higher class Prags were greatly perturbed over some unforeseen trouble.
te	6	Surely you would not be as cruel as to kill the man I love?”
te	6	From the Bo-lu to the Kro-lu there is no word which corresponds with our word mother.
te	6	After- wards, Ugh-lomi got himself a stick, and thrusting by chance at this foolish flint, the stick went in and stuck there.
te	6	"Well, Strock," said he, "here is a splendid chance for you to get your revenge."
te	6	The head, with huge, single lensed eyes, turned on an axis from side to side, as it looked around the table with a doleful and apprehensive stare.
te	6	Then, without warning, some one or something began to beat measured strokes, now short, now long, close to my right ear.
te	6	Yet in the end he found himself up at the Three Hundred and Fortieth Street yards of the Mercantile Company sharing the subdued ex- citement that always existed about such places.
te	6	I had been nervous, but when the moment came to fire, I was as steady as a rock.
te	6	In fact, the science of star study would go by the board, for we could never see the stars about us, at least not with our present types of telescopes.”
te	6	One, as he watched, began to change color and contract and he saw to his astonishment that the connective tissue cell behind it was eating it.
te	6	Resulting experimentation revealed that this chemical, which, incidently was very cheap and abundant, pos- sessed the power of deadening, or more properly, in- tercepting and reflecting the sounds.
te	6	Soon it showed thirty thousand feet, then forty and the speed of the motor had increased perceptibly while the ship seemed to be climbing more slowly.
te	6	“My boy,” he said kindly, “can you tell tis any- thing about this?”
te	6	At the center of the dial is a small button which starts the machine.
te	6	heard, a slight clank of arms in the hall as the guard was changed, and lifting the blind a trifle- he saw that guards were- stationed outside.
te	6	All the matters which compose the globe are in a state of incandescence ; even gold, platinum, and the hardest rocks are in a state oi fusion.
te	6	Though he stayed at the instrument for more than an hour, no message, no diamonds, came through.
te	7	The Hans, indeed, had cpiite a distaste for unshaded daylight, since their lighting apparatus diffused a controlled amount of violet rays, making the unmodified sunlight unnecessary for health, and undesirable for comfort.
te	7	But again they found only a few cigarette butts and the impressions of the fellow’s body in the soft tun- dra.
te	7	I wonder — you never know what these scientific beggars will do in cold blood!”
te	7	He did not wait to make sure, but whirled his machine about and the purring changed instantly to a staccato roar as he threw open the throttle and ad- vanced the spark.
te	7	He is fond, but not morbidly fond, of reading—chiefly fic¬ tion pervaded with a vaguely pious optimism— sleeps well, and rarely dreams.
te	7	Freed of all other duties, we lived practically in the air, flying back and forth from the laboratory to the western end of the main tube.
te	7	My heart was pounding so loudly that it drowned out the sound of the metal-workers.
te	7	"I am afraid that it is impossible to give a satis- factory answer to your first question, Professor.
te	7	We can build an air-tight chariot, stock it with food, sprinkle the powder on the floor and we’re off!
te	7	This Rubber could be made either soft or hard and was manufactured into thousands of different articles for daily use throughout the United States.
te	7	But he was, of course, terribly enfeebled, and at the sight of his rescuers he gave way to hysterical weeping.
te	7	You had youth, ability, great wealth, and a great name.
te	7	From the lines which had previously been cleared to Television Hill we recorded the sound upon the film.
te	7	He just sends his Jap man down with a little car for mail and supplies, an' keeps to himself year in an' year out, 'cept for three or four men 'round the place.
te	7	It was, instead, our desire that we view the city and the coun- try before being presented to you, so that when we faced you, we were not ignorant of your ways !”
te	7	I remember well my impression that this was not so much a request as a command, a command to which I found myself respectfully ready to submit.
te	7	One is loath to talk of Providence these days; let us say it was just our wonderful good fortune.
te	7	Shortly after this, he retired from scientific life, and devoted the remainder of his years to growing cucumbers on his farm at “Wild Oaks.”
te	7	As to expenses, if there seems reason to organize an ascension party, which will be costly, you have carte bfonche."
te	7	Probably both, for the time must have been about that of our earthly sunset.
te	7	Whatever it was that was happening about that apparatus we cannot tell.
te	7	Elizabeth saw the snarling head of the foremost dog, its white teeth and retracted ears, and the flash of the thrust blade.
te	7	Immediately Trant dashed open the door of the scale house, and threw himself bodily upon the checker.
te	7	This was accomplished by an intricate mechan- ism, but having no knowledge of the planet, such a procedure would have been useless to the Solarites.
te	7	We may confidently predict, therefore, that we have to deal with a southern dialect."
te	7	His features, eyes, build and general appearance were the same, and no doubt a few years previously the resemblance would have been more striking.
te	7	I was ready to admit, whatever truth there was in Wentworth’s story, there was certainly enough cir- cumstantial evidence pointing to his veracity.
te	7	The crew of the aero could have felt no more strongly the horror of the moment, and the awed, high- pitched wonder of it set our nerves on edge.
te	7	The Dark Star grew presently to a tiny, dim-lit sphere, visible upon the screen.
te	7	Innumerable miles of railway track were torn up and sent back to their country of origin.
te	7	In turn the shower of meteoric dust on earth became more noticeable as time went on, and men found themselves gaining in weight without apparent increased size of body.
te	7	There are four “eyes” like this one in this room alone.
te	7	For two hours the sinister, creeping, purple haze crawled over the surface of the Le Brun tube and its rays poured down upon the guinea-pig and mice as they sat blinking at the strange light.
te	7	Then plague followed war as it often does, sparing neither young nor old, and the grim, bony man with the scythe easily settled the disputes that guns had failed to do.
te	7	The genial old man suited actions to his words and after a few trials, a bright blue flame shot out in a three-inch jet from the base of the cabinet.
te	7	And, so they reasoned, if playing a fiddle could whisk a burro from sight, was it unreasonable to think that, if the white men so desired, they could do the same with a Cholo?
te	7	Thon Ahrora took the work for him to the state de- partment of publications, where it was printed.
te	7	“Pull yourself together,” said the Voice, “for you have to do the job I’ve chosen for you.”
te	7	I can only relate what I know and hope that perhaps some one will bring forth enough information on his early life to let me decide.
te	7	You by your overweening pride and folly have doomed our beloved planet — the most perfect planet in the Galaxy in its grateful warmth and wonderful dampness and fogginess — and our entire race to certain destruction.
te	7	Carnes seemed at a loss as to how to begin.
te	7	“There’s no sign of an opening in the rock outside.”
te	7	They sank down, sputtering and melting away in the shallows.
te	7	The tired and discouraged delegates were ready to welcome aid from almost any source.
te	7	Man, he thought, might well pride himself upon his development of heat, light and electricity, upon which present-day comfort is so largely dependent.
te	8	A MAZED, hardly able to grasp the meaning of his words, I hurried with Ramon to his laboratory.
te	8	Macrae then gradually calmed down, took nourishment, and slept, thereby relieving Dr. Anderson from the fears he was beginning to entertain.
te	8	After the meal Seaton and Crane held a short con- sultation, and the former called to the girls, a.sking them to join in the “council of war.”
te	8	I think Calvroon was perfectly aware that he would be hard to catch and harder to capture, or he would hardly have come so openly.
te	8	Each, it seemed, had directed some important branch of the work that had so successfully won Chandler the Presidency.
te	8	So I have made only more certain that the man in the room must have been one of Dr. Lawrie’s closest friends.
te	8	It was rather a decent compliment, and it taught me just how much I might rely on the loyalty of my new friend.
te	8	In order to escape the oppres- sion of my own thoughts, I wandered across the room and glanced out through a window.
te	8	I hastened to express to the Manager my particular gratitude for this vast work of his art.
te	8	"There'll be a lot of dying out before that day can come."
te	8	I know you think I need company, but not to-night, old friend.
te	8	Law or no law .there will always be some people who will want to drive faster than ordinary traffic, as long as their machines keep up the pace.”
te	8	Slowly we saw a rock in the wall of the tunnel turning on a pivot and a hand appeared, beckoning us to enter.
te	8	Thousands then and there resolved that they would not lose another instant in setting out for high land, up the Hudson, in Connecticut, among the hills of New Jersey.
te	8	There would be very little sleep that night in all North Amer- ica, for already celebration was in progress, the like of which had never before swept the country.
te	8	The same effect would he obtained by the marriage of an unrelated couple who both possessed the particular fault in question.
te	8	At the end of three days of the mad flight, the pursuing space ship was in plain sight, covering hundreds of di- visions of the micrometer screens.
te	8	There are greater forces than chemicals that are changed into gases through fire or percussion."
te	8	He danced with the lovely girl, to the fine music provided by the ship’s orchestra.
te	8	Or sup¬ pose that Brandon hasn’t got his machine built yet, or suppose that it isn’t turned on when our beam passes them, or suppose they’re asleep then ?
te	8	Now he sent a message to him, telling that thd plane had been brought down, asking that a squadron of planes' be sent at once.
te	8	The Canadian representatives had command of much the most liberal supplies, and it seemed as though the struggle would resolve itself into a dol- lar duel between the two American companies.
te	8	Leucon admitted that he had been and Poli grinned once more and continued : “You had a right to be.
te	8	If it weren’t impossible I would say that it belonged to one of the" lesser carnivorous dinosaurs, but they are extinct long ago.”
te	8	What might have happened to some of the other planets, perhaps so much older than the earth, and what might be found upon them, might easily exceed the pale of human conception.
te	8	All this Mr. Huxter saw over the canisters of the tobacco window, and -the singularity of the man’s be- havior prompted him to maintain his observation.
te	8	Truly, our present civilization, with its uncertain re- actions to the swift progress being made, was not in posi- tion to “take” to television for centuries to come.
te	8	“Mace in one hand and Weena in the other we went out of the gallery and into another still larger, which at the first glance reminded me of a military chapel hung with tattered flags.
te	8	It gets mine right now to think how I let that bluffer pull the wool over my eyes.
te	8	Waves are sent from a controlling center in the Castle here and received by a device incorporated in the airships themselves.
te	8	Her effi- ciency was due to the fact that she took every in- struction seriously and obeyed implicitly.
te	8	We have, several times, but we found the conditions not ripe for any attempt to communicate with you.
te	8	It was Wentworth who first saw the need of positive and precise control of the projectors, and it was his brain which first conceived those mighty machines in their present state.
te	8	Burl saw its many-faceted eyes staring before it in worried preoccupation as it soared' in laborious speed over his head, some fifty feet up.
te	8	A large fleet of airships, shaped like balloons, and of great size, passed them on their way to Loata, bearing lighter freight than the ships on the water.
te	8	Chest to chest they stood; the brilliantly hlue orbs of Eloli burning into the black, redly flaming eyes of the hideous bestial-faced black Ruler; their ter- rible wills in inconceivably intense action.
te	8	Not a body of the hundreds of men and women aboard the ship was visible, and feeling relieved that I was for a time safe, I stepped to the ship’s rail and peered over.
te	8	Gradually it grew louder and louder until I could almost have sworn that it was the roaring of storm- tossed waves against a rocky shore.
te	8	Months before the clotho spider in the hemispherical silk castle of the gruesome decorations had killed and eaten one of the men of the tribe.
te	8	It is then filled in with fertile soil and is now ready to grow plants, trees, vegetables, etc.
te	8	The city was overcrowded with refugees from the south, a plethora of the scared rabble of a hundred towns and hamlets, though they showed them- selves but little.
te	8	Poised on his toes, balancing himself with the fingers of his free hand, he stared up at the Manchurian.
te	8	Said the other day that if his men didn’t speed up with the mechanical end of the work, he’d have to let it go.”
te	8	Vessels of every size and accompanied with balloons and seaplanes rushed to their posts.
te	8	The table gradually slowed up, until it was only spinning lazily, and eight dazed mortals picked themselves out from under miscellaneous articles of crockery and food and limped or crawled out.
te	9	the imperious President of the Uinta Power and Light Company, glared at the photograph, the wrinkles in his square, strong forehead drawn together in a cynical frown of doubt.
te	9	It is unnecessary for me to describe the scenes which immediately followed my emerging from the Space-Waif.
te	9	"I shall explain with the greatest pleasure : The higher science has discovered, and absolutely proven by means of personal demonstration and experiment, that man is a triune being.
te	9	We went up along the foot of the mountain range and out toward the center of the great bowl-like depression.
te	9	Yet this man was offering, as a farmer offers eggs or butter, to let him have as much as a thousand ounces.
te	9	He began to write in the figures half rubbed out by the falL He had just written 40,000— when the bell rang a second time.
te	9	We now had ___ to inaugurate a new kind of locomotion, which would have the advantage of being rapid and not fatiguing.
te	9	Dr. Bird reached out and struck it and Carnes gave a cry of surimise as the tree fell and crumlded into pow- der as it struck the ground.
te	9	For the great part of them were attempted under circumstances which should have shown to even the most dull-witted that there was no chance of success.
te	9	Her crew were at battle stations, her navigating officers peering intently into the operating visiplatcs, all oblivious to the fact that a stranger stood in their very midst.
te	9	We shall give him life again, transplanting his brain into the head of one of our machines.”
te	9	Mr. Fleckner, a gray- haired man with a stubborn jaw and a steely glitter in his eyes that bodes little good to transgressors, sat at the head of the table.
te	9	They were up so high by that time that when the bow was burned off the other three fainted from lack of air.
te	9	Again, you were in real danger from the quicksands and qu^mires that surrounded you and which you had escaped as far as you did by almost a miracle.
te	9	In and out of the yawning gangways of the steamer before them struggling lines of sweating men were wheeling trucks loaded with bales of to- bacco.
te	9	He concentrated his efforts more and more on an attempt to discover the identity of the Voice Higher Up and the treasure behind it.
te	9	Then I saw the expres- sion of doubt on his face change to one of surprise and wonder.
te	9	And to me it seems no more impossible than many of the other things we have seen.
te	9	This consisted of two “Parson’s” turbines placed on either side of the keel.
te	9	I should say that your year was some four times as long as the time in which it now takes the planet to circumnavigate the sun.”
te	9	There was nothing to be seen but the path in front of us and , the trickling hurrying rivulet of blue phosphores- cence.
te	9	Before he had taken a dozen strides he heard the roar of the Moth’s propeller.
te	9	It rests upon her because in the semi-darkness of the temple those unwinking eyes stare out as if glowing with hidden fire. . . .
te	9	Fosh-bal- soj listened to their complaints and then with a sudden sweep of his right hand seized Bradley by the scruff of the neck and hurled him sprawling through the doorway upon the floor of the chamber.
te	9	There was a broad desk in the center, sitting on a square rug of gray, woven from some rough material like camel's hair.
te	9	We eagerly crowded around him, and as the markings on it were somewhat indistinct, he handed it to van de Gould, who instantly gave it a searching- study under his pocket glass.
te	9	Instantly, it was full sunlight once more, my friend's laugh sounded in my ears, and I looked up to find him standing beside me with a triumphant smile on his face.
te	9	It is very easy to be lazy on a shanty-boat tied up against a lower Mississippi levee.
te	9	"There is no doubt that the problem of the change of the terrestrial axis was correctly stated, and it should have been correctly worked out.
te	9	Ac- cording to probability, making allowance for bach- elors, each name will represent three persons ; there are seventy-five names, which means two hundred and twenty-five places reserved for science.
te	9	Note — Mycetosoan is formed from two Greek words, the first meaning “fungus” and the other meaning “ani- mal.”
te	9	He went on upstairs, and then it suddenly occurred to him to ask himself what the spot on the linoleum might be.
te	9	Every deadly frequency and emanation known to the fiendish hexan intellect, backed by the full power of the city, was poured out against the invaders in sizzling shrieking bars, bands, and planes of frenzied incandescence.
te	9	This was a very serious as- pect of affairs, for they were in imminent danger of being locked in till the next season.
te	9	A man dashed out of the door of Mr. Johnson’s stateroom, and ran swiftly down the corridor in the opposite direction, toward the dining-room.
te	9	For it is only by halting that steady increase of its rotatory speed that we can avoid this terrific cataclysm that means death for us!
te	9	It was fortunate indeed that the equip- ment of the “Meteor” included developing tanks and en- larging apparatus, so that you were able to show the pictures along with the verbal report.
te	9	At that moment the tense silence was broken by the monarch’s voice, addressed to the leader of the soldiers in the native tongue.
te	9	The following Saturday he packed up a few neces- sary things and departed for his yawl moored at the foot of Eighty-sixth Street.
te	9	Dorr nodded and his eyes took a dreamy look as he recalled some of those adjustments he had been called upon to make.
te	9	Suffice it to say that all was moulded on a tremendously large scale, as though ordinary earthly objects were twisted into unfamiliar shapes and magnified a hundred times, with magnificent distances intervening.
te	9	The plans of the light-haired ones she pictured vividly, showing that their astronomers were cognizant of the desirability of the earth as a field for conquest.
te	9	The steps, rudely cut, wound round and round the sides like those in a cathedral tower, except that the shape of the pit was not regular.
te	9	They were belts, strapped high under the arms, containing an amount of inertron adjusted to the wearer’s weight and pur- poses.
te	9	The scaly body was covered with black and yellow spots about a foot in diameter and irregular in contour.
te	10	“By this time the whole Trog world was thoroughly roused, and naturally, they were very indignant at what they could only regard as a breach of faith on our part.
te	10	In the light of the flash I could see a dark mass, like a cumulous cloud in close proximity to this particular nova.
te	10	That had much to say and little to tell, beyond the confirma- tion of the evening before, and a very badly written account of another remarkable tale from Port Bur- dock.
te	10	For three mortal hours he continued without speaking a word, without, raising his head, scratching, re- writing, calculating over and over again.
te	10	It had belonged to Tumba, the man who had been his com- panion on the wearisome journey through the Brazilian wilderness.
te	10	Notwithstanding the many reports of his having been seen in various parts of the world, it had always been my convic- tion that he had perished vengeance.
te	10	As we learned to depend on them more and more for maintaining contact with the outside world, they gradually grew, and now they in- clude the entire surface of this sphere-like body.
te	10	In my opinion, that Siberian meteorite is not a meteorite at all, but another stellar flyer, which not contemplating or understanding atmospheric conditions surrounding our globe, plunged into the earth with equally disastrous re- sults.
te	10	With the landing of the craft Gary awoke from his nap and was amazed to learn that he had slept for more than four hours.
te	10	Ky-lin received the news, whatever it was, with extreme gravity and concern, and the six hastened over a long runway toward a point underneath the palace.
te	10	More and more was he impressed with the beauty and the sweetness of the women of the group.
te	10	He bowed his way out of the office as he followed the assistant who was to escort him out of the labora- tory.
te	10	It was just such tireless, determined labor on the part of Edison that had brought the incandescent lamp to the world, years before it had been expected.
te	10	Five hare-brained individuals, whose publicity stunt has resulted in the death of one of our citizens, are lodged in jail, charged with murder, their trial set for August 15.
te	10	He worked un- til after midnight installing this new tube, which looked like an X-ray tube that had suffered from convulsions.
te	10	WE remained at Weybridge until mid-day, and at that hour we found ourselves at the place near Shepperton Lock where the Wey and Thames oin.
te	10	The Shah of Iran, of which I was Captain, was one of a line of huge steamers which made the jour- ney between Vancouver and Australia in the fifth decade of the twentieth century.
te	10	H E felt a strong need of a quiet hour or so to think over this astounding proposition of taking a ship for another solar system.
te	10	He looked like some proud knight walking slowly through the gardens of a goblin's castle.
te	10	Several of the larger equatorial canals have completely vanished ; others have entirely altered their size and posi- tion, and where formerly there were level illuminated areas there are now shadows indicating irregularities of immense dimensions.
te	10	It served to change an attitude of dogged resignation to one of hope throughout the country.
te	10	Through the hideous dangers that my forbears had endured in the earlier stages of their human evo- lution I fled; and always pursuing was the hairy monster that had discovered me.
te	10	The mahout was fond of telling how his grandfather had first cared for the elephant over a hundred years ago.
te	10	They were still capable of experiencing a keener fear than that of the flood.
te	10	Everything went as it should, and in fourteen days he had a perfect queen resembling a wasp except for a few reddish hairs on the abdomen.
te	10	Each one of the Twenty, from the time of his birth, had been trained in just the correct en- vironment, to prepare him for the position he was now A VOICE FROM THE ETHER 177 holding.
te	10	Sitting down with a paper and pencil I calculated that we should average sixty thousand miles per hour throughout the entire trip of thirty-four mil- lion miles, which is the present distance of Mars from Earth.
te	10	He found to his considerable embarrassment that he was seated in the midst of a group of six comely maidens, whom he quickly recognized as his fiancees.
te	10	He reported the results of the lunar battle and was extremely surprised at learning that the news broadcasts had already announced most of the story to the world.
te	10	Here we saw a number of young Venerians in a group with a single adult in charge of them.
te	10	We expected hourly, yes, any moment, the appearance of a rescuing airship which would soon put many miles between our- selves and tire evil entity that mas gradually transform- ing a planet into itself.
te	10	Here I luckily came upon a party of young Canadians, who had come up along the coast in a steam yacht.
te	10	When her husband paid her a visit, he observed the ring upon the image and recalled the fact that he had given this ring to a certain young officer in the guard for services performed.
te	10	In a short time I constructed a small, 184 AMAZING STORIES glass box with a tightly fitting lid, which automatically closed at any time I signified on the time-clock within the box.
te	10	The last time she visited the cove, she stopped first at her father's palace and when she reached the burial place of the treasure she took out from under her robe a golden measure.
te	10	Thankful that I did not have to advise Nankivell, I finally settled myself to sleep with a feeling that the matter was on the knees of the gods.
te	10	I am inclined to the opinion that the Martians will not die without putting up a brave struggle, -which will result in the prolongation of their existence, but not in their complete salvation."
te	10	We changed conveyances four times before we entered one which bore us swiftly upward as was shown by the pressure on our feet.
te	10	Here, too, the blase globe-trotter might even yet get a thrill of adven- ture in seeing the strange people and their unique little world.
te	10	It was, in short, the old story of the ingenious man-on-the-ground, the “good match,” aided and abetted by the patronesses of the “poor relation.”
te	10	His was a personality such as made one instinctively feel that he was in the presence of a great mind ; and in addition I had found him to he a most companionable and genial spirit.
te	10	As the last man went down, I heard the running of many feet approaching us from the direction of the plaza.
te	10	I also built a temple for the worship of the great god, T’icn, Supreme Ruler of the Universe, and taught my people to worship Him, and to regard me only as His earthly vicar.
te	10	A thousand burning feet of fire, swayed, toppled and fell, with a roar that knocked us senseless with inconceivable force.
te	10	The projector was connected to the telescope in due course, all other work being suspended, and was adjusted so that the axis of projection was parallel to the optical axis of the telescope.
te	11	And weary enough he was, and I too, since for almost forty-eight hours we had been flashing through the perils of the asteroidal belt.
te	11	Description of the Work ROWS on rows of kegs and vats lined the walls, huge containers of chemical reagents from which the smaller stock bottles in their racks were evidently replenished.
te	11	Running to the side of the man I had just put out of the fighting, I seized his hatchet and knife, and in another moment was in the thick of the argument.
te	11	And as a last relic of their former barbarism, they still persist in an old belief that the deity requires them to offer a human sacrifice of an adult per- son at this place once a year.
te	11	The extreme cold seemed to have kept them in a sort of state of sus- pended animation, from which 99% of the spores returned to active life when subjected to a warm temperature.
te	11	No sign of life could I detect in their vicinity— no hurry- ing throngs, no wisp of smoke, no sound of traffic or industry.
te	11	Elizabeth sat among them, kindly and quiet, gray-hearted, marveling at Fate: tap, tap, tap; tap, tap, tap; tap, tap, tap.
te	11	On and on it swept toward us — an opalescent mistiness that sped with the suggestion of some winged creature in arrowed flight.
te	11	If an egg survives it goes through all the stages of development that man has passed through during the unthinkable eons since life first moved upon the earth’s face.
te	11	"'Undaunted hy this failure they set to work to develop a race capable of withstanding the new con- ditions, After a lapse of nearly four hundred years a new expedition set forth.
te	11	Queer though it was, yet it was pleasant to hear such recognition of his merits from the lips of a Hussar Colonel.
te	11	It was made of great blocks placed one on the top of the other, so as to be a land- mark perfectly visible while the eruption of the vol- cano left it undisturbed.
te	11	Hours upon hours of designing and calculating over the drafting board finally evolved complete plans for the moon stroller.
te	11	The cold ' , only a few miles out into space, will be far more intense than in the polar regions and its power for preserving the dead body , therefore , would most probably be correspondingly enhanced.
te	11	Finally, to avoid unscientific criticism, Mrs. Teeple wrote a full account of the way she was raising her child and sold it to the New York Comet, fully illustrated, for five thousand dollars.
te	11	During my post- graduate course at Yale I was greatly interested in the deep-sea researches of the United States Fish Commis- sion under the direction of Professor Verrill, who was my instructor.
te	11	I have heard rumors of a wonderful operation that you are performing, restoring sight by placing an artificial eye in the empty socket.
te	11	Yet, I’ll venture to say that in time we’ll develop other senses than our five by which we become acquainted with our environment.”
te	11	“The truth of the matter is that they have been grop- ing hopelessly in the dark in regard to the nature of vitamines and the true cause of disease.
te	11	IT was at this stage of the game that the period of thirty days' grace expired.
te	11	A few hours after leaving Venus, Moura set up a small telescope he had brought away from Venus, an object no more than a foot long, which opened out like a camera.
te	11	“This is my pocket X-ray and if you will bend your head, I will make an examination of a certain gland located in the back of your head.”
te	11	They pored over every scientific directory and every "Who's Who in Science" extant, but found nothing that would even hint LIGHT 715 at the identity or domicile of the mysterious Dr. Arthur Hament.
te	11	A party of us decided to run this show on some sort of basis of law and order.
te	11	To prevent his vegetables from freezing, the first winter he covered them with dried grass gathered from the hill- side; nevertheless he lost more than half of his crop through freezing.
te	11	I was selected partly because I was a graduate me- chanical engineer, but principally on account of the spe- cial work I had done in the more advanced and complex branches of mathematics.
te	11	Engaged as he was in an important mission as a staff -officer in Algeria " "A French colony, I believe," interposed Major Oliphant, half shutting his eyes with an expression of supreme indifference.
te	11	By this time the inventor was very much more in love with his invention than he had ever been with the woman, and under high pressure with the need of some other confidant than his notebook.
te	11	Eric led Nada down a long, carpeted corridor to a wide glass door, which bore the words : COSMIC EXPRESS stenciled in gold capitals across it.
te	11	flop!” caused by the impact of the steaks, eggs, tarts and other solid articles of nutrition, and the hissing and splashing of the hot liquids.
te	11	At these times he transmitted his earthward message, regardless of the fact that the relative position of the moon and points upon the earth's surface is constantly altering.
te	11	Professor Hicks gasped, and in his agitation almost forgot his nudity and came near to leaping out of the sarcophagus.
te	11	It was distinctly the head of a fish with the eyes on the top like a flounder.
te	11	All the valley and the plateau were il- lumined by the shining beacons of huge but grace- ful fire-flies, who darted here and there in delight and — apparently — in security.
te	11	We followed the first branch of the river that turned off on our side of the bank.
te	11	“The only theory I’ve got is that they are German settlers in Brazil, who want to build up a great German World State in South America.
te	11	The possibility of gaining entrance, much less of escaping alive from the guarded walls of Sun Yat-Sen University, he knew, were infinitely slim.
te	11	They awakened him for luncheon—which he gobbled in haste—re¬ treating at once to the instrument room, where by the light of the table electrolier, he became instantly im¬ mersed in his interminable figures.
te	11	So Burl moved on in solemn state, a brightly clad man bent beneath the weight of a huge and horrible monster.
te	11	In this, the second installment, The Shining One is much in evidence and, if anything, the mystery begins to deepen, as with bated breath you read on of the astounding exploits of the adventurers.
te	11	"It is a robot that will accurately and positively pre- dict the tides on any given date in any port in the world twenty years in advance," he replied.
te	11	That finished her* A damaged battleship and two derelict cruisers were all that remained of the fleet that so short a time before had surrounded the island, almost ashamed of its strength.
te	11	The Commercial Appeal reporters had come down the river in a fast launch and cheerfully fell in with the suggestion that they take us to the place where our boats had been tied up.
te	11	So many data had to be jotted down, while they remained fresh in his memory — items concerned with the attributes, behavior and habitat of his specimens, before the merciless cyanide had snuffed out their lives.
te	11	Self-absorption is one of man’s worst enemies, and many a man owes the continued maintenance of his integrity to some hobby, which occasionally distracts his mind from his worries and maundering thoughts of self.
te	12	Paul is here and I will endeavor to talk him into the notion of driving us over to the digging, which, I must confess, he is never over- eager to do.”
te	12	"The tropical night shut down with its usual suddenness during my investigations, so we wended our way back to camp, where the light of a fire danced and flickered in the evening air.
te	12	Involuntarily I grasped the rail of the bridge expecting to be thrown from my feet by the abrupt uptilting of the ship.
te	12	Radio- phone and telejihotograph had flashed around the globe tbe news of the discovery and the features of the man who was going to save the earth.
te	12	There was only one source of this material within the limits of Troyana and that was in the Vault, which was always guarded by one of the three Keepers of the Sacred Treasure.
te	12	The moment it struck full sunlight at a height of five hundred yards it seemed caught in some tremendously strong wind, for it moved eastward with a velocity that increased by prodigious bounds.
te	12	Arthur Hovey gazed reflectively at the swarms of darting aircraft high above the crystal expanse of New York's roof.
te	12	He also stated that he would be pleased to see us at his palace on the next day of the sun, which was then five days distant, at which time he would provide entertainment for us.
te	12	After the first stunning effect of -this outbreak of the elements had passed, everybody rushed to the windows to look out — everybody except Cosmo Versal, who remained standing in the center of the room.
te	12	And by day the Bky was watched with anxious eyes striving to detect signs of a deepening of the menacing, hue, which, to an excited fancy, suggested a tinge of blood.
te	12	he would be assigned to an apartment-office, or an apartment adjoining the group of offices in which he was to have his desk.
te	12	“By the addition of a bellows attached to the bronchial tubes accentuated by a motor, a capacity of air is forced against the glottis.
te	12	They followed him to his very rooms, where he was seen to sit before his desk and start writing orders to twelve trusted subordinates in the twelve great cities named by Carter.
te	12	Now the butterfly man became alive to their sur- roundings, and recognizing his duty, commenced to point out that which he thought would be of interest to Atun Wei’s guests.
te	12	He became conscious then of a roaring sound, rhythmic and slow, barely one-third as rapid as the noise he retnembered in the heart.
te	12	The story adz’ances the noz’el point as to whether It IS possible, by human means, to change the center of rotation of the earth and the position of its axis by human energy.
te	12	Memory of what the two edu- cated Leucocytes had said came to Leucon and he recognized the tiny objects for what they were, toxin mole- cules eager to engage the receptors of body cells.
te	12	Dotted about on the plain were small stone struc¬ tures, which reminded me of the old blockhouses which used to be erected on our own plains to guard against Indian raids.
te	12	Chandler had returned in the afternoon from Havana, where he had gone for a few days recuperation from the tension of the campaign.
te	12	He was stand- ing within five feet of the dais where Dure sat on the throne chair especially designed for Dana Gleason.
te	12	Their most formidable feature was the cone- shaped “canopy” of short range disintegrator ray de- signed to spread down around them from a circular generator at the tip of a twenty-foot mast amidship.
te	12	I observed the end of speech, of all perceptions except one, when men learned to communicate directly by thought, and to receive directly into the brain all the myriad vibrations of the universe.
te	12	Then we struck straight out into the pale sea whose lowering roof came slowly down as though to crush us, until we rowed blindly through the clinging mists that blanketed the waters with weird fire.
te	12	Thus the tray is drawn back to the food laboratory, where other forces cleanse and sterilize the various utensils and place them in readiness for the next meal.
te	12	She remembers the exact date owing to the fact that Mrs. Harms' roomer was found dead in bed on the night of the supposed dis- covery.
te	12	One of them continued to grasp me firmly by the upper arm with a great hand that seemed to take up the greater part of the space from the shoulder to the elbow.
te	12	But there opened up on the side near the purring of the streamlet another en- trance, that might be the beginning of a tunnel as end- less as the one we had just quit.
te	12	This sea abruptly came to an end where it met the mountains, which formed for it a coast unlike any that the hundreds of eyes which wonderingly surveyed it from the Ark had ever beheld.
te	12	Burgess knew Chick merely as a boy of about seven- teen who ran loose about the premises of the Club on his father’s membership, and who in his youthful fashion idolized the popular and successful reporter.
te	12	He was discovered as a conspirator, and would never know the plans of the brave band which was setting out to free the worlds they knew from the iron hand of the oppressor!
te	12	By now I was obtaining some idea of the Cas- pakian scheme of evolution, which partly accounted for the lack of young among the races I had so far seen.
te	12	Connected with the apparatus was a cable which led to a box at an end of the table on which the tube rested.
te	12	They account for my appearance in rags with two bars of indisputable gold upon the Littlestone beach in various ingenious ways — it doesnT worry me what they think of me.
te	12	I have been working on it for years and this is as far as I have gotten in the effort to discover means of nullifying our gravity.
te	12	Even though it is made out of metal, it is not a mere automaton ; it is my artificial body, one that will work jointly with this useless lump of clay chained to this chair.
te	12	They were over a rolling countryside which gave every evidence of the bounties of nature and the handiwork of a highly intelligent and industrious people.
te	12	And then the light filtered in, not through the window, which remained black, but through a triangular aperture between a beam and a heap of broken bricks in the wall behind us.
te	12	With these we shall be able to project two beams in any desired direction, each beam capable of ionizing the air for a distance of at least ten miles.
te	12	All depends on our being able to convince our fellow men of the danger that threatens before it is too late.
te	12	We are now traveling in an orbit that keeps us serving in the capacity of a huge sun- shade to the planet Mars, and it would seem that Mars is happy to have us render this service.
te	12	He here closed the book and leaned forward in the chair, placing himself accurately in the position which I had occupied at the moment of beholding "the monster."
te	12	How anyone could make head or tail out of those dusty stacks of books, journals, papers, and specimen jars, was a mystery to me.
te	12	A frightful howl went up from the other papers for the blood of whoever was responsible for not heeding the warning, so plainly given by us six months before.
te	12	We each picked up one and sat down to read, not expecting much of interest in the news that found its way into print.
te	12	A colonel of air forces had discovered that air may be changed to a deadly poison gas by changing slightly the orbits traveled by the electrons that, along with protons, compose it.
